Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit of a recap as it's been a while.
Timothy Sackton: Two weeks ago, you left the ruined town of Cairo to see clues in the desert worried about rumors of orcs and reports of movements of more know bands across the black to plan for the East.
Timothy Sackton: traveling with health Darren has band of warriors you came to the burnt and abandoned village bass southeast of Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: right here, where i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Amidst the wreckage.
Timothy Sackton: Young monk named amo was working to bury the dead and see them on their way to the next life, the village about you know, having borne the brunt of the first know attacks that that came now two months ago.
Timothy Sackton: After helping them fend off giant vultures and finishes task of putting the dead to rest you turned off have dark path and traveled with almost the home of his masters are Ross and pop up.
Timothy Sackton: After a few days in the desert, you came to this their stone house.
Timothy Sackton: You quickly learn that offer us and part two old men and Miss die of beach ma had nearly a year ago rescue dealt with delirious and dehydrated from the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And after all of you coming to trust each other somewhat you learn that they were Members that they were missed I have been members of an order monks who had we're dedicated to the demigod beach by the first queen some of the Maori and the founder of the country.
Timothy Sackton: And they had been charged their order had been charged long ago with keeping alive the stories of the people.
Timothy Sackton: Although now spend more really all of their time tending to seeing to the dead into the afterlife in peace.
Timothy Sackton: Learning that the order had originally been based, out of a monastery south of Carson where perhaps more could be learned, you debated whether to go straight there or had to have Doris camp and then decided to travel to Hopkins campus he said you hadn't been.
Timothy Sackton: Fortunately, as you arrived in the.
Mike Sackton: midst of.
Timothy Sackton: A battle with the parks and were able to turn the tide.
Timothy Sackton: Well interrogating the lone survivor you learn that these orcs serve somebody named crush the bladed one based in Carson and they were in the middle of preparing for war against other orcs that works of loose gosh.
Timothy Sackton: Who crash wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: conquer and reclaim the treasures of the orcs gosh.
Timothy Sackton: Turning now to head towards Carson and see what you could learn, but not necessarily wanting to draw the attention of gosh you turn south.
Timothy Sackton: hoping to approach the monastery from the other direction.
Timothy Sackton: Despite somewhat difficult navigation across the trackless carmela deserts you recently arrived five miles south of the monastery after six days of travel.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: Taking a midday rest in the shade of the canyons along the side of the dry river car job.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be and seeker are sketching away well i'll be having just returned from a scouting journey i'm seeing through the eyes of a desert Hawk.
Timothy Sackton: and
Here is the result.
Timothy Sackton: This should be easy.
Timothy Sackton: So it's mid day.
Timothy Sackton: The heat of the sun.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: contemplating your next move as you consider approaching and exploring this abandoned monastery.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As you pass around and examine your notes and maps.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't we have everybody just quickly describe what their characters doing.
go first.
Rev. David (he/him): So I think well bs is.
Rev. David (he/him): wait till I know you just told us, but where are we again we're still where we were right, where we left off last time, are we.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah you're.
Timothy Sackton: In a camp camp five miles south of the minus Darren you've just the Hawk has just left after you fat it.
Timothy Sackton: And you've just finished making your map.
Mike Sackton: Is it like.
Mike Sackton: Is this the beginning, did we just wake up, or is this the end of the day, what's the.
Timothy Sackton: it's midday.
Mike Sackton: So we're camp just because we were waiting for the okta scout things out.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well, and also because you typically would rest from like.
Timothy Sackton: 11 to three.
Mike Sackton: Because it's hot.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's hot.
Timothy Sackton: So that's what normally be your midday rest in the shade does nice shade here because of the Canyon was along, though.
Timothy Sackton: That dry riverbanks.
Eric Rosenbaum: How far are we from the.
Eric Rosenbaum: stuff in the sketch.
Timothy Sackton: Ah you're about five miles south of the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: So how how did I draw stuff.
Timothy Sackton: While he was describing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Now he's just not a very good art bobby's more of a cartographer that an artist so.
Rev. David (he/him): I see wouldn't be perspective, drawing very tiny let's.
See.
Eric Rosenbaum: That works.
Rev. David (he/him): So I think when he's finished packing up his mapmaking supplies little implements and disassembled the pan and rolled it back up again into its kit and tucked it back into the bag and then he's.
Rev. David (he/him): gone into some little patch of shade and is.
Rev. David (he/him): sitting back leaning against his act speak.
Rev. David (he/him): You know resting or snoozing but clearly still awake but, but just kind of zoning out through the heat of the day, for the moment.
Knowing what's coming.
Rev. David (he/him): silently cursing that he has no hat to pull down oversize any longer.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is.
Eric Rosenbaum: gets his eyes up real close to a tiny detail in one of the architectural drawings save of the temple and then goes to adjust some invisibly small detail with the finger by smothering the charcoal.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then he realizes he's once again, even though I just cleaned his hands gotten Turco on his fingers and so he goes to read them off on a towel notices something new and the drawing gets it up close to his face and begins smudging out and physically small detail.
Mike Sackton: della is.
Mike Sackton: finishing cleaning up from one church making lunch depending on exactly what time it is.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: sort of.
Mike Sackton: glances to the north sort of frequently the monasteries, to the north right and.
Mike Sackton: your son the monastery is about.
Timothy Sackton: five miles north and then Carson is another three four miles north of that.
Mike Sackton: He sort of.
Mike Sackton: walking to the north seems a bit almost anxious like something you know.
Mike Sackton: Maybe there's some bad things up there and he's not sure exactly about whether we should be running head long into them.
Mike Sackton: But he's also sort of humming a song under his humming some camp song under his breath and seems like he when he turns back to cleaning cleaning up from lunch and the routine of the camp sort of.
Mike Sackton: it's like a steadying influence and he comes down again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo is so so we're all are we all tested, you see, like optimally in a circle kind of sitting there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we say this is after our meal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you notice that kenza just in general, just in general, over the past like kind of stretch stretch of time How long have we been been on this this mini journey, since we left them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: carolyn.
Timothy Sackton: it's been about two weeks since he left Carolina.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay it's been two weeks since we the and how long since we left where the name of the two Dudes again.
Timothy Sackton: povera and Opera House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: opera.
Mike Sackton: Opera House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long how long has it been, since you left them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so let's see that would be like.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a week a little more than a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and how far are we from the monastery now.
Timothy Sackton: Like five miles you're close.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So then, so is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're kind of sitting sitting in the circle and just you've noticed in general for this this past like stretch of days has been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: distracted has been like kind of someplace else just thinking about something engrossed in something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's spending a lot of time that updating my just guess you know there's kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: time to spare you know Quetzal you'll find him just kind of sitting sitting and kind of just deep meditation sometimes enough that you can you know again like kind of feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feel like brief brief trembles of the earth around him or as you've seen in the past that kind of flashing eyes just sort of you know clearly clearly like ruminating on something very heavily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, as we all sit in a circle in the afternoon shade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo is you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eight eight the lunch again has been very grateful for the for the food and for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm assuming dealt with doesn't work and, most of our cooking yeah and so you know grateful for the meal, but also like just very, very deep and kind of lost in thought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know kenzo sort of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lift his head up in for a moment, is like there is really, really there with you all that kind of looks at all of you just sort of waiting just making sure that you all can like kind of see see that he has something to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On so it kind of gets everybody's attention, or just the search sitting there waiting until till everybody certain that this is that he's picking up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kensal also has been like absolutely like playing with his final accolades playing with you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's done that he carries and he looks at all of you, and he says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a question for you all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about the Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you know about the great hero, the major rye.
Eric Rosenbaum: rye rye.
I.
Eric Rosenbaum: pull out my.
Eric Rosenbaum: Journal of heather to unanswered questions and start flipping around I don't think I have anything about right actually.
Rev. David (he/him): will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with, what do you know.
Mike Sackton: hold on one second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've never heard of him before speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM any.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know anything.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you would have make a history tech.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice was.
Rev. David (he/him): The same for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh actually I may know something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You mentioned it, you can know something.
Rev. David (he/him): He was my brother excellent.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: You did cry.
Mike Sackton: i've heard of him, he was.
Mike Sackton: well known amongst the wise at the time the Great War.
Mike Sackton: Always.
Mike Sackton: traveling with the three companions.
Mike Sackton: I never knew him except as rumor and and legend and tales that were told as as.
Mike Sackton: He.
Mike Sackton: led the some of the battles against Jamaat.
Mike Sackton: No, he was.
Mike Sackton: Of elven blood, although.
Mike Sackton: Not familiar Elf.
Mike Sackton: And all of the heroes of all of the for heroes had.
Mike Sackton: vanished well no actually nevermind dealt with window that.
Timothy Sackton: No cuz.
Timothy Sackton: You vanish before they did.
Mike Sackton: forget that last day.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: What what became of them I I know not the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Mike Sackton: The days were dark at the time I.
Mike Sackton: The battle was one but at what cost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secret, what do you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I attacked my earpiece just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what that's what he what he knows for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you definitely heard, I mean you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can have read whatever you want to know about right it's up to you Eric I mean seeker clearly has read about rye.
Rev. David (he/him): Plus seven so 13.
Mike Sackton: Why do you ask.
Your second.
Eric Rosenbaum: kids oh man what what I want us to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go one part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Every everybody needs to say bursting at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah what was a little the little guys name.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Give me.
Eric Rosenbaum: A I recall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have not formally studied this particular historical character, but I do recall a tale from childhood of the adventures of Ryan Dimitar I always I always thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe that this was purely invented I mean there, how could such an important and great historical figure a powerful message, such as this one i've had such a sarcastic and fell mouth companion.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I have fond memory of the stories of Ryan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what tell me more about.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I recall correctly, the story is actually told from dim tars perspective, trying to.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is perhaps one of those jokes in the story for the adults more than for the trap of trying to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make right the historical.
Eric Rosenbaum: wrongdoing of Dimitar as, in fact, the true hero of the Great War that it was Dimitar, in fact, who made the crucial blow on chima.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I don't know if there's any sort of grain of historical accuracy in that story, for it was if it was simply tell children.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember what it would look like this, this this creature.
From mom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, that was a wonderful part of the story is just a description in order to describe avatars spectacular feats of glory.
Eric Rosenbaum: It had to be emphasized that he was.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know the size of a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Small bird of prey perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: With leathery skin.
Eric Rosenbaum: And purple scales.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you say purple scales, you see kinds of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: cleverest potty mouth lizard.
Eric Rosenbaum: can fly very dexterous leaves the stories are.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be believed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you know well.
Rev. David (he/him): Nothing more than the stories everyone knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been troubling me for some time, as you know, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My my whole reason my own motivation of coming to the carolinas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because you all remember i've had these strange dreams ever since I can remember the places that i've never been or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Never.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't ever remember going into these places, but I feel like I was there very striking images of of places that don't don't seem to make any sense to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I came to Caroline.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's when I first met him dress up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We he brought me to to to was it the oasis that he brought me to you.
Timothy Sackton: know the top of the Mesa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He brought me to the top of the Mesa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he used the staff which, again I said share it I believe it's a way to connect this material world to the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and using.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The staff under can dresses guidance I I believe I entered into the dream world, and when I was there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I encountered a robed figure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I encountered I saw jade hand reaching towards me which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've been carrying with me something a piece that I didn't know where it went from nowhere what it was a part of, and when I put the piece in the hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Suddenly, I was pulled into what I believe to be the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I was there, there was a robot figure who I don't remember much of our interaction, other than he told me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He said specifically to seek the order of the awakened soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is what he told me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That information by itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't meaningful to me and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very recently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we were with povera and was the name of the other dominate Papa.
Timothy Sackton: Papa and offer off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of an audience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we're with Bob and Bob Ross.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They like me also study the occult state are part of the larger lock in this time and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But again, they state their order service Bishop the monastery that we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going to go investigate shortly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I spoke with them that's when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I asked them ask them, have you heard of disorder, the way consult and they looked at me and supplies and said, we are the order to do a consult.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The order of the way console is in fact the order of a visual that is connected to this monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the monastery is somehow critical to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not only my past but also wasn't bolden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other I think connection to this and why I asked about RON.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I told you that before we left Carola solid, I was very, very I was very keen to use that mirror you remember.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I use the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I used it with this piece to try to understand its history and where it came from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A few different pictures of the images, but perhaps the most important image.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The shadow of a dragon cast over the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perched above on, and on top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That dragon is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That shadow is only one shot and that, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It could be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know how this has come into my possession.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly how this connects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of what's gone wrong part of what's happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In my orders history, we do know a little bit about you some about run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One thing we knew about here, these are also rumors legends was that, as part of his casualty of war, as part of what he sacrificed his all the great heroes sacrifice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The use of his power was somehow connected to his transmutation into stone in particular into jail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No one knows if that what how how much that was driven the completion, if he remains someplace if he was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If he died, like the rest of the heroes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Given what's occurred what's been unfolding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think part of the puzzle part of what's happening is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow over the past 200 years each of the great heroes may have been involved in some other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: action that we can't see that we can't fully understand, but I think I believe Ryan had may have been a part of providing some form of protection or holding a day some kind of energy or some type of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we may not fully comprehend and that somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either he was broken or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something has occurred.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To create these pieces and I have one and i've carried this one with me my entire life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow it's brought me close closer, I think, to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever laden energy or consciousness that may still exist, perhaps in the dream world I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it wasn't until.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until just recently that I think I understand now that if I did interact with him in the dream world that that was him if I had been carrying a piece of them somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That this monastery and the order of the awakened soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think may take on a greater significance than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may have rewards.
Eric Rosenbaum: transmutation into stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into Jane the death shade.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM do I know of significance of.
Eric Rosenbaum: jade as something to be transmuted into or association with a particular type of power.
So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah jade not specifically um you do you do know you are aware of.
Timothy Sackton: I sort of general class of magic's that are more rumored than the known in general that are.
Timothy Sackton: That are powered by.
Timothy Sackton: By gemstones so the most the most well known, is taillight, which is itself a magical JASMINE is used.
Timothy Sackton: back to our that was considered a bit dicey to us because it can have negative effects on the user, but it's often used to create much guidance.
Timothy Sackton: But there are rumors and stories of sort of pure forms of gemstone magic where the crystalline structure of certain.
Timothy Sackton: geological certain minerals can.
Timothy Sackton: enhance or can resonate with certain magical energies.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you think this piece of jade you've got console, this is actually part of rise.
Eric Rosenbaum: body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any clue on it as to where does it have any surface detail or other features, does it look like a broken short or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, so the one detail is and you examine this before seeker is that there's there is like an outer surface it looks like there's a smooth out our service and then our jacket are.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like it's like a almost like a try it's like a wedge shaped like this, where there's.
Timothy Sackton: we're not exactly a wedge but there's that smooth part of them, the other side's our refer like it was broken from something like one one of the faces is more smooth and weathered but it's hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's no there's no light finger now or you know eyelash or anything like that that.
Eric Rosenbaum: way.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a piece of a finger that was broken offer anything quite so obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: short.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You sensed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we first met.
Mike Sackton: don't remember that.
Mike Sackton: TIM Is there something I should be.
What did you find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you just you just says like there was a very strong badge of item.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I remember.
Mike Sackton: I remember, yes, that.
Mike Sackton: It reminded me of elven magic.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: magic that.
Mike Sackton: The elves use to build their cities and hide themselves from the world and.
Mike Sackton: Otherwise.
Mike Sackton: Make home home.
Eric Rosenbaum: was a human.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: It was related to the owls and fashion, although it was always unclear to me exactly how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't know either I also know that you had a relation with the elves but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why do you ask secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look up from rapidly scribbling in my notebook.
Eric Rosenbaum: just trying to put all the pieces together, so to speak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have an intuition somehow that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's more than one of these.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, if you take the case of ours, the guys the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Charging guy turned us down that we found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Marcus.
Eric Rosenbaum: dropped arcas off a cliff chatted him in 2000 pieces put them back together again it's not clear to me that we would get our case back.
Eric Rosenbaum: But perhaps this is a different kind of story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I it's so hard for me to say, but I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, over the past number of months, I feel more and more sure that this piece.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is either directly a part of him or deeply connected in some time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wherever he is if he's in a dream world, which I believe may be the case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow the game of god's the game of demigods that's unfolding beyond our eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe he's involved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe he's a he's a player sometime.
Eric Rosenbaum: cries magic, because of course of legendary power.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we know if the source of that power where did where did where I draw energy from.
Mike Sackton: In.
Mike Sackton: My day it was.
Mike Sackton: thought that.
Mike Sackton: The great heroes were exploring.
Mike Sackton: ancient and powerful magic.
Mike Sackton: But what those were.
Mike Sackton: not widely shared.
Mike Sackton: They all seem to have a connection to some magic beyond the normal.
Mike Sackton: powers of the day.
Mike Sackton: Different each of them, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you have no idea where you got this thing from Kansas.
lifeguards.
Eric Rosenbaum: bestowed upon you at birth.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have we heard the story of your parents kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not much today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It died when I was young.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I grew up on the streets and charted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is the only piece of value that I had my entire life.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would they have.
Eric Rosenbaum: passed it down from their parents.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know dolan it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know when you treat when I use the mere one image that I saw was a man in the desert, giving them this piece I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's martyr and exchange when we go back to Carol i'd like i'd like to try to narrow down with the speech, but this this stone has much history that I think is important to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't building.
Eric Rosenbaum: That much things clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the monastery that we journey through is in fact the monastery of the order of the wagon song.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if the men in my vision was in fact either a dream world version of raw and then I suppose it could be a trap to but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know it's a monastery is significant.
Eric Rosenbaum: The order of fish separates the dead to a peaceful afterlife is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: seem correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, and but, but the order has changed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what what's done now is a mere shadow of what once was the order of the week, and so, how certainly what what's done is is care for the bodies, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The order and the pounds, I think, had much greater ambition was involved in much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much more significant enterprises.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM i'm, not forgetting exactly what those.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: That.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would you wait did they tell me they told pop.
Timothy Sackton: pop I told you that had an ancient days the order was charged with.
Timothy Sackton: Recording and sharing the stories of the people have done.
Timothy Sackton: Right and then so many died at that.
Timothy Sackton: So many died on buried that they kind of changed their focus after the great war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But were they doing something else that was kind of radical.
Timothy Sackton: You mean when they try, they all the mattress went off to do something, something and failed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, that's right, I was.
Timothy Sackton: 13 years ago that was after the great war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right after the great wall but but recent history.
Timothy Sackton: Recent history yeah and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We still we still don't know what it wasn't able to.
Timothy Sackton: really knows.
Mike Sackton: But they didn't come back right.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody came back most almost all the most powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Miss dive masters of the order went off somewhere and never returned.
Mike Sackton: And that's when the monastery was abandoned.
Timothy Sackton: that's when the monastery was abandoned.
Mike Sackton: is okay, did they create some sort of terrible God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did they go looking for a ride.
Mike Sackton: His drinking, so he doesn't give away anything if they did they.
Rev. David (he/him): Did they open a door the to the State closed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doors that are you think, but they get up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think I was closing a door that opens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: calm, as I share I share this with you it's been weighing on me heavily I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think this where, where we venture NUTS there's great significance to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What games are at but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, big.
Rev. David (he/him): think we should start in the hall of stories in the Tower a desk.
Rev. David (he/him): desk well, I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe not that may make it more difficult on the inside, but.
Mike Sackton: Was there any signs of life.
Rev. David (he/him): No nothing in the in this complex right.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing in this complex, although ah.
Timothy Sackton: It was also the hardest part of the day, and you didn't look inside and he built ins.
Rev. David (he/him): to miss that thing in the Center of the map that's fairly thing.
Timothy Sackton: I was gonna ask so.
Timothy Sackton: Right um, so this is there's a path.
Timothy Sackton: A curving paved gravel path that spirals in towards a.
Timothy Sackton: A statue a fountain.
Timothy Sackton: that's a that's sort of like what you could see from the air, was that it looked.
Timothy Sackton: It was like curves and.
Timothy Sackton: And kind of waves that suggested a human form but very abstract.
Timothy Sackton: sat in in a basin as a fountain and water was flowing down.
Timothy Sackton: From this from this fountain and filling the base and then the is for grey these things are benches.
Timothy Sackton: And then, this is the Plaza, and this is a statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the fact that there's a flow and fountain suggests either that that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: magically.
Eric Rosenbaum: controlled or.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's right.
Mike Sackton: it's either magic or there's inhabitants, I doubt a mechanical fountain would have stayed running in the desert for 30 years without.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's not even surface water nearby is there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now so yeah it's a magical fountain.
interesting.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna ask a question at the beginning, before we got all into Kansas role playing.
Mike Sackton: Why are we going to the monastery design Can somebody remind me what our goal is here.
Timothy Sackton: It was there.
Rev. David (he/him): will be it's to see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: The same goal we have every week.
Mike Sackton: We had an actual reason.
Mike Sackton: Right or did I am I not Am I remembering this wrong.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like we're we were following the thread of what happened 30 years ago, so I think like the tentative hypothesis was whatever they did 30 years ago was related to like the badness that's happening now.
Rev. David (he/him): And the thought was that, by looking like in their libraries for the monastery we might find details about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: will find their ancient their secret plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: and succeed where they failed because we're smarter and more powerful.
Rev. David (he/him): We need.
Eric Rosenbaum: What like what an entire order of monks.
Rev. David (he/him): One of those diaries like in maurya.
Rev. David (he/him): Right up to the moment of death.
Mike Sackton: perfect.
Mike Sackton: But do we did.
Mike Sackton: Again did.
Mike Sackton: We have any evidence that anything happened 30 years ago we just hoping that this is connected we actually have something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Hello.
Rev. David (he/him): hey when was kenzo boy was born.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2017.
Timothy Sackton: Years ago.
Mike Sackton: So when did your parents get a jade thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know.
Mike Sackton: Why are you raised, why were you connected to the order the the auction monastery people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kenzo has always been a miss die like a monk like.
Mike Sackton: I came.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lockout right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was that yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so so so you know again there's a whole bunch of the different this time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then kids were.
Mike Sackton: born there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For an uncharted.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: So yeah how did you get your end up in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walk whole flood flood because of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like kenza was kind of it was like a like a like a street urchin kind of got into some trouble and you're like that and had to leave charting and also the his mentor and charting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think he's a mentor got in trouble too.
Mike Sackton: So where your parents, the last to order the Miss die from this place, who fled with a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: piece of Fries question.
Mike Sackton: With a piece of rice hand.
Mike Sackton: Because they were trying to bring right back to life and they failed and destroyed them instead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's an interesting hypothesis, I had not thought of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was the vision wasn't the desert, though, so it's a good point, it could be could be that they got it from there, I I thought, both Kong and kenzo think that his parents were nothing they were just they were just not.
Mike Sackton: But you know in Star Wars right raise parents were nothing until they decided raise parents are actually the emperor.
Rev. David (he/him): Through I trust him won't make that poor have a choice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like maybe I haven't seen episode nine.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah right right Ray is actually that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He hasn't seen.
Rev. David (he/him): Have you seen huck garbage before.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you are, it was bad yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's an awesome movie.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, good.
Mike Sackton: Yes, exactly his favorite actually.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Man is not into it.
Mike Sackton: Of all nine of the Star Wars movies that's his favorite it might be because that's the only one, he saw in the movie theater.
No.
Mike Sackton: anyway.
Mike Sackton: enough.
Mike Sackton: conspiracy theories.
Rev. David (he/him): What if the Chair donations are out looking for pieces of.
Rev. David (he/him): Like What if it's not artifacts in the abstract like what if it's specifically right chunks.
Mike Sackton: Very possible now I don't think rise shattered into a million pieces.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know pieces of rye are unique and cannot be exchanged for each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
they're like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nobody will right.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: And it fires.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but we don't know like nothing happened with the ship to none of that stuff was 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you know, the timeline is roughly a.
Timothy Sackton: Great War a bunch of hobgoblin wars and stuff after like the stuff and ravens whole then kind of nothing for a while.
Timothy Sackton: Then this thing 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: Then kind of nothing for a while and then within the last year, a lot of stuff seems to have started happening.
Mike Sackton: But, like, I get the dust mother predates 30 years.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it goes, all the way back to the end of the great war.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the the fall of the protection of Chicago.
Mike Sackton: was like.
Timothy Sackton: Six months in the last year.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah last year.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So if you were to just look at everything that's happened and say when did something change, it would be like nine to 12 months ago, not 30 years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember why that event 30 years ago, like the what the monks were trying to put problem they're trying to solve.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't have some emerging.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody knows the.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody, who was a master.
Timothy Sackton: survival Papa and offer us we're not masters at the time and the Masters had concocted some secret plan and all left.
Mike Sackton: Do we know in what fashion, everybody else who has gone to investigate this has died horribly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and never come back.
Timothy Sackton: They never come back.
Rev. David (he/him): And maybe maybe it's because.
Rev. David (he/him): it's so great, they just don't want to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, or maybe they turn into butterflies and fly to another dimension and then they're there oh my God I.
Mike Sackton: missed I actually created.
Rev. David (he/him): A paradise actually trapped in another dimension is is not a bad possibility for what could have happened there no no.
Mike Sackton: it's a bad possibility.
Rev. David (he/him): Speaking from experience, yes.
Rev. David (he/him): But it's it's a possible.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think I think i'm at least given this so at the end just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the end of last session I read the conversation with TIM browse like hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I totally forgot to talk to the Papa and those Dudes about the order of the way console can I wreck on that, and then we read content and I was like oh shit, this is a very critical piece of information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bucking temple and this monster investment is the order of the awakened soul and then I was like oh fluctuate What about like the potential like rah guy but I saw on the first day so.
Mike Sackton: We didn't wait, what else did we care about the order to be awakened soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only for me okay only for me and i'd only only kind of Kansas only heard about it from in a parking in the fucking dreamworld from like a rope dude with a jade hand right.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenza what does it mean to awaken a soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm that's what I was getting at with the order fishman they they let people go to heaven they don't resurrect them or something do they that's what I associate with awakening souls.
Mike Sackton: In ancient Elvis tradition awakening souls was what the.
Mike Sackton: was what the great powers did before the gods to awaken the trees and the animals and the giant eagles.
Rev. David (he/him): What what what walk us through that.
yeah well.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did we get to giant eagles.
Mike Sackton: There are many creatures on this earth, that are sentient and alive, I guess, they don't really have souls, but there are awakened.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of the giant eagles and the.
Mike Sackton: Various plants that talk and.
Rev. David (he/him): First of all, I love it second of all what.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm very excited to meet all.
Mike Sackton: Humans humans don't don't get around too much do they know our dwarves are or athletes, though I would think you would have heard of them.
Rev. David (he/him): don't have a great memory.
Mike Sackton: Maybe they're less common now than they were before the Great War, I guess, they were not that common then, but many, many, many creatures came to fight against that perhaps are rare now and hidden and back in their their faraway places.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you suggesting, though, is that the awakening of souls is not the awakening of souls of people, but of other things.
Mike Sackton: Possible I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: And surely this would be reflected in the story of mishima.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's what these people were doing, at least not what they would have.
Mike Sackton: does not feel like a human thing.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did reshma resurrect or otherwise awaken anyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the story of.
Mike Sackton: Giovanni.
yeah God.
Mike Sackton: He brought the god, who died to save the Denmark back to life.
Eric Rosenbaum: be brought to volley back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well there's your answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how did pismo awaken to volley.
Timothy Sackton: And you don't really know I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I doubt there's no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like in our contract.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I study this stuff right.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not be.
Timothy Sackton: Even the lock, and this guy would not, this would not be part of their arcane knowledge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker you're asking the right questions so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those monks were trying to do 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: that the other story the elves TAO.
Mike Sackton: Is that all of the human gods come from humanity's belief.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Maybe the awakened soul is trying to awaken.
Mike Sackton: A God interesting.
Mike Sackton: fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Around.
Mike Sackton: A Walker God right.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: cocoon maybe is asleep in some sense but that wasn't true 30 years ago.
Mike Sackton: Maybe the mist I felt they could.
Mike Sackton: influence the divine.
Mike Sackton: Through their belief.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if something's gonna go spectacularly recently wrong that sounds like such a thing.
Mike Sackton: Or maybe it went spectacularly right.
Mike Sackton: They were all lifted bodily to heaven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By whom.
Mike Sackton: Whatever God they woke.
Mike Sackton: When did when did this guy come about.
Mike Sackton: crash crash.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really I mean.
Mike Sackton: We don't we don't.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know, except that the ork.
Timothy Sackton: ork civil war is very recent.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So if crash provoked that then presumably around the same time right.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, perhaps we should.
Mike Sackton: Go investigate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, we should.
Eric Rosenbaum: I support that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we still have some afternoon light.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Mike Sackton: The heated, but he stayed.
Mike Sackton: Very good.
Rev. David (he/him): For the first time, and all of these wanderings.
Rev. David (he/him): I searched worried that none of these events may be connected to each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is that, in fact, all these monks simultaneously were infected by waterborne disease.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's no connection.
Mike Sackton: But the heat of the day, be a good time, I mean it seems like now is actually the quietest time.
Rev. David (he/him): it's good for speaking.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's very bright, but the shadows are harsh and there was nobody moving half an hour ago.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should move now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or maybe.
Rev. David (he/him): Leave the horses.
Mike Sackton: I think so.
Mike Sackton: A few a few we're still five miles South perhaps a bit establish a camp in the shadow of a cliff two miles one two miles from the.
Mike Sackton: rate was there a place to scale the quick for with their steps I forget.
Timothy Sackton: So the perspective on the monastery is that the south, a river comes flows north, south well the River bad.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and it makes it makes a term, it makes a eastward turn and on the.
Timothy Sackton: Now South South side, where that turn is our cliffs the monasteries, on top of this class, but if you continue along the river bed.
Timothy Sackton: Just around the turn it's just a gentle slope.
Timothy Sackton: And you can also.
Timothy Sackton: Go on, to like there's like the cliffy bit, and then it drops down away again after about a mile and you can then follow a road basically up to the that so you would, if you could either follow the road and.
Mike Sackton: down here, we could come up.
Timothy Sackton: On this side here, or you could I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we didn't really.
Timothy Sackton: find you didn't really search carefully or way to scale these class or you could follow the riverbed up and come up this.
Rev. David (he/him): Is this north is North at the top, this map or so.
Rev. David (he/him): North is.
Timothy Sackton: North is here Carson is to the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are some unlabeled buildings.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well be wasn't sure what those were.
Timothy Sackton: huh okay this building, and these.
Mike Sackton: Is there an obvious like front door that's what these question marks.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM I sort of vaguely remember last session that there was one like smart way to approach it unseen is that case.
Rev. David (he/him): Like nah living the river, but like skirting around to the south and coming.
Timothy Sackton: Back across or so so that's how you decided to approach the monastery without having to get close to Carson but now that you're at the monastery any any.
Timothy Sackton: Any direction that's not the direction from Carson would be relatively unseen either trying to scale the cliffs coming around the riverbank and coming up the slope or following the road.
Timothy Sackton: The orc fork is about two miles north in this direction, towards Carson and carson's another two miles or so.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond or another mile beyond the arc for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah there's that weird to organic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange org for it.
yeah see.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we know the whole story is called, that is a big sign.
Timothy Sackton: No it's just.
Timothy Sackton: It that building is.
Timothy Sackton: decorated with the outside is.
Just.
Timothy Sackton: elaborate.
Timothy Sackton: mosaic of all sorts of scenes of dunmurry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Life.
Mike Sackton: And we knew there was a hollow story somebody told us, there was a hall of stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, so it seems clear.
Mike Sackton: That was like one of the reasons we were going here, I think, is because there was this whole thing about the stories that were collected.
Rev. David (he/him): miss the damage building in the top left side here is that, like organic damage from time or like explicit damage or was that terrible from the air.
Timothy Sackton: not obvious from the air, I mean it's it's a.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a hole in the roof and and some of the wall knocked off and it didn't does not there weren't there wasn't like blast marks or certainly wasn't recent like somebody didn't blow up the building, two days ago.
Timothy Sackton: You know, but it's hard to tell if it was.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a boulder dropped on it 10 years ago, or just the roof collapse from lack of repair or what.
Timothy Sackton: No, but getting closer.
Rev. David (he/him): To the animals at the bottom of the cliff the.
Rev. David (he/him): Most protected.
Mike Sackton: that's what I was thinking and then either scale the cliff if it seems sensible.
Mike Sackton: Or maybe come from the riverside here.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how much value there isn't sneaking in and I don't know how.
Mike Sackton: Obsessive Lee sneaky we want to try and be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well there's not much sign of life, I think yeah we might just walk in the front door.
Rev. David (he/him): it's just but not paranoid yeah.
hmm.
Mike Sackton: Well let's do that let's leave our we've our make a camp somewhere in the shelter the cliffs here.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then had north or head.
Mike Sackton: West West.
Rev. David (he/him): The river.
Mike Sackton: And come up the river and then come approach from here.
Mike Sackton: From the from the West.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Rev. David (he/him): And i'm going to leave i'm going to tell before we go on to tell baxter that he's in charge of the horses and needs to watch out in case anyone comes.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, so you travel up the up the riverbed and it's hot.
Timothy Sackton: druggie work through this sort of soft sand.
Timothy Sackton: You know, occasionally being able to cling to the edge of the of the Canyon wall where, but you can get a bit of shade and relief, but with the sun directly overhead now there's almost no shade, and so it's it's just hot and tiring.
Timothy Sackton: Just hiking about this last five miles takes you takes you maybe an hour and a half, so it's about two o'clock when you arrive at the base of the cliffs and make your camp and, as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach the cliffs you you sort of have this.
Timothy Sackton: eerie sense like.
Timothy Sackton: you're stepping into a place that is.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite right and and now recall the stories of a lash that nobody goes to Carson because it's haunted.
Timothy Sackton: And you feel just a little bit of a cold tingle on the back of your neck.
Timothy Sackton: As you.
Timothy Sackton: Cross within about five miles of the city just on the edge of the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: i'm looking up the cliffs I mean there's certainly scalable it's not it's not easy, there we go about 60 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: And there's not.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's probably not a somebody would probably have to scale up and and find some somewhere to tie a rope, but it certainly could be done.
Timothy Sackton: They are sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much steep as just soft crumbly sands down and it might be.
Timothy Sackton: tricky to find a solid handholds.
We can switch.
Timothy Sackton: But you can see from the cliffs you know that that the temple in particular kind of looming.
Timothy Sackton: On high the the the temple building and the Tower of the madness of the next to the hall of stories being the dominant landmarks that stand out everything else being only weiner if you are to store is where those both stand between 40 and 70 feet high.
Timothy Sackton: You can see you know.
Timothy Sackton: It take you about a half an hour to follow the curve of the river and and come up the slope.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: Like we're gonna stick to the plan right.
Timothy Sackton: Sure Father river.
Rev. David (he/him): is not merely caves or openings or anything.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as you approach the river.
Timothy Sackton: sticking to the River bad.
Timothy Sackton: sort of turn the corner and you see actually something well be that you didn't notice.
Timothy Sackton: A two large.
Timothy Sackton: sewer pipes.
Timothy Sackton: of some sort or water pipes that now are sitting.
Timothy Sackton: On dry riverbed.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, leading into like towards the monastery going into the side of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the slope and the ground slopes up gently not very steeply towards now you're looking at the at the sort of back of the bathhouse and this building this sort of one story sandstone building and then these two smaller outbuildings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it looks like a waste pipe.
Timothy Sackton: or an intake pipe it's hard to tell.
Rev. David (he/him): what's the diameter it's.
Timothy Sackton: fairly big it's maybe two and a half feet.
Timothy Sackton: Certain Bobby you could almost your.
dependence.
Mike Sackton: Is it dry yeah it's completely dry.
Rev. David (he/him): kind of gesture towards it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's not a typical way to enter a temple complex but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you send the rockin.
Rev. David (he/him): know.
Rev. David (he/him): Think i've exhausted the goodwill in the animal kingdom, for me, for the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of us could go in and visibly and.
scout.
Rev. David (he/him): let's stick with the plan.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's good I don't know that.
Mike Sackton: We need to go into the.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could use a door instead of a sewer pipe to go in.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't radical idea.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think that's probably okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you had up the slope.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So it's now about 230 and the sun is now getting low enough in the sky that some of the you know animal life begins to stir again and i'm not that there's a lot of animal life here, but you know.
Timothy Sackton: see more birds in the sky, you see, you know just a little bit more activity as as.
Timothy Sackton: The worst part of the heat of the day begins to pass, but most things won't be out for another three to four hours.
Timothy Sackton: you're heading up the slope, you can see that this area.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: It was definitely at one point sort of terrorist and shaped into gardens.
Timothy Sackton: So you know there's dried almost petrified stumps of trees.
Timothy Sackton: There must have at one point, been an irrigation system here and that seems to have been.
Timothy Sackton: Like a long sort of terrorist garden meeting up to the sort of back side of the River side of the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach these there's sort of three buildings, these three buildings that you can sort of see the most clearly and this one on the farthest right they're all sort of red sandstone buildings none, particularly elaborately decorated.
Timothy Sackton: The bathhouse and this one unknown building are just one story each.
Timothy Sackton: This dormitory is two stories.
Timothy Sackton: Or maybe three if they're shorter stories it's maybe 25 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: And again, there seems to be, you know as you're 100 feet away sort of coming up little sign of movement.
Timothy Sackton: Which direction, do you want ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): Are there any little creatures nearby like rats or mice.
Mike Sackton: What are these.
Things.
Mike Sackton: Oh no answer that for sorry.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like lizards around sunning themselves not much not much in the way of mammals, yet they'll come out in another three four hours but.
Rev. David (he/him): Animal.
Rev. David (he/him): telepathy and ask if there any big creatures on this hill.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, make animal handling check out site make a make a charisma check and add your.
Timothy Sackton: Twice your proficiency.
Rev. David (he/him): For.
Timothy Sackton: So charisma and animal handling, but with charisma, instead of wisdom.
Rev. David (he/him): gotcha.
Rev. David (he/him): um.
Timothy Sackton: Is this plus 613 15 yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you you sort of project to a to a little lizard nearby who.
Timothy Sackton: Who responds.
Timothy Sackton: When the sun gets lower or what you know in lizard in the earth sort of conception of lizard thing which isn't you know it doesn't have very clear sense, but you get the sense that there are bigger big creatures that come out when when the sun gets lower.
Eric Rosenbaum: They sleep during the day.
Rev. David (he/him): awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): press that alone.
Mike Sackton: I was asked, do we know what these things are.
Timothy Sackton: nope where.
Mike Sackton: Where where are we, I mean we.
Timothy Sackton: you're like right here, right at the tip of this this river arrow.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: there's been gardens sort of all down towards the river, I mean on your highway 100 feet away.
Mike Sackton: I would had think.
Mike Sackton: Maybe come around like this see what's over in this area first.
Mike Sackton: Or we could.
Mike Sackton: head straight into.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could also come straight through here and just go straight for.
Mike Sackton: tower.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should go it's possible that will have limited time here.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah, so I think we should go straight for the thing that we think is the most important to get to before.
Mike Sackton: Being let's just.
Mike Sackton: let's just go straight through.
See.
Eric Rosenbaum: In tourist mode i've got like two hands on the map held out in front.
Eric Rosenbaum: forehead and what.
Timothy Sackton: order, are you.
Timothy Sackton: Are you how are you arranged as you walk up the slope towards the monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: always a good sign, when I get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That i'll always as you noted in the safest way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that maximizes life that's the way that we do it always.
Rev. David (he/him): I want to suggest maybe well bees out front 20 or 30 feet sort of moving stealthily and watching carefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and seekers next with like primarily looking at the map.
Mike Sackton: And I would put.
Mike Sackton: Either kenzo are dealt with next, and the other one of us on the back.
Mike Sackton: and put secret in the middle, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So is up next after after seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: After welby.
Timothy Sackton: After well well be a bit in front than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 so that's bigger than dollar.
Mike Sackton: And well why.
Mike Sackton: Is the little bit a staff.
Timothy Sackton: And a perception check.
Rev. David (he/him): Lee.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm terribly today.
Timothy Sackton: So ah you.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, let me just see something there okay you begin to you sort of move forward um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Through this sort of pat you're coming up the slope and through this path, and as you get closer you can see that this area back here i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Probably like a kitchen or something like that, from the era was hard to tell but from ground level, you can see that there's sort of two big archways and there's like a well out here and.
Timothy Sackton: Just probably connected to those pipes somehow and i'm just kind of through the opening, you can see kind of big hearts and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: likely there's some sort of kitchen in this area, but you're actually coming sort of along this slope to come in between the this building and the bathhouse and you do here um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be as you get to about here you hear the sound of.
Timothy Sackton: What sounds like something sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: And the occasional like quiet yelp of like a big animal sleeping it reminds you a little bit almost of a of a lion.
Timothy Sackton: And then, but sounds deeper and and bigger somehow and then the occasional sort of little.
Timothy Sackton: yep ah.
Timothy Sackton: And sort of almost human Laughter
Timothy Sackton: That sounds it sounds unpleasant it's not like happy child laughter it's like it's like the you know the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: eyebrows baby, who is the enemy of Maggie and.
Timothy Sackton: The Simpsons kind of Laughter
Rev. David (he/him): Like how you know or something different.
Timothy Sackton: not high enough like like sounds like human sounds like human laughter almost but like an evil toddler giggling.
Eric Rosenbaum: So only will be here's this.
Timothy Sackton: um well well i'll be quiet, while be is like 30 feet in front.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear it, as you as you read about this this point, right here.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: domain from you're coming from here.
Rev. David (he/him): related though telepathically back to the three of you in rapid succession.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hold up a hand suggesting to stop.
Rev. David (he/him): Where are you in the order.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm third at this point.
Timothy Sackton: Do you just are you keeping.
Timothy Sackton: going well be.
Rev. David (he/him): I want to see if I can tell what the sleeping thing is.
Mike Sackton: Like.
to it.
Timothy Sackton: It sounds like it's coming.
From from here.
Rev. David (he/him): or sorry again are all the sounds coming from there are the.
Rev. David (he/him): Others coming from there.
Timothy Sackton: The evil toddler and the sleeping noise.
Timothy Sackton: The sleeping lying and the evil sleeping lion and the evil toddler.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: children's like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: children's story.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to just freeze where I am thinking of what to do here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we can't contact you telepathically Is that correct.
No.
Rev. David (he/him): So i'll i'll look back to you, and I say.
Mike Sackton: i'm a cat so i'm going to.
Mike Sackton: Cast and visibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
Mike Sackton: On ah.
Mike Sackton: i'll motion for kenzo to come.
Mike Sackton: nearby.
Mike Sackton: And then I will cast and visibility on dealt with and kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, I see very.
Mike Sackton: Good in too far away.
Mike Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: This is unnecessary, you guys oh.
Mike Sackton: Ah, I can get my spouse back quickly, we just need to rest for an hour in this deadly place that where we will die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just don't try not to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: This invalidating.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo upon discovering that he is now visible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is when I become invisible there's like my staff, the company has.
Mike Sackton: Everything you're wearing everything you're carrying are wearing isn't that's cool that's great I mean I think if you picked up seeker he'd probably be invisible no actually Probably not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, he ends up tastes it tastes now.
Timothy Sackton: Because if you turn your horse and visible you don't turn invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it takes some sand that's on the ground and kind of like throws it forward, you know, so you can kind of see just gesturing towards well be you know.
Mike Sackton: i'll write that we can't signal with heads.
Mike Sackton: But i'm i'm gonna whisper around the back go well be i'll go around the back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so well he's gonna run the ground.
Mike Sackton: You go to welby I will go around the back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so terribly but let's go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stay more or less here you guys good.
Mike Sackton: I just would like to.
Mike Sackton: hear in through this spot here.
Mike Sackton: And just see what's fake.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry show me again where.
Mike Sackton: Those are doors right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Are they open or closed.
Timothy Sackton: Now they're not they're not doors that are open our.
Mike Sackton: database so, then I would like to just look in through the open our choice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this is where you where you saw when you were coming up where you saw kitchens, like in three open arch way you see.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, like a big hearth like a.
Timothy Sackton: Solid stone table some shelves like a pantry area.
Timothy Sackton: You can see this and then there's a wall here and there's a wall here you can't without going in you can't see like there's like a corner, where you can't see unless you go in.
Mike Sackton: i'll go in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so you can begin to sort of.
Mike Sackton: walk away and stealthily.
Timothy Sackton: So make a self check just to see how quiet, you are.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: And Kansas Bobby what are you and seek or what are you doing well dealt with it's gone around the back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be and I are having a telepathic conversation.
Mike Sackton: Terrible role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we're coordinating.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought I thought it was one way.
Mike Sackton: You can reply right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, like you can reply when.
Timothy Sackton: So you can you can sort of have a call you can sort of have a conversation.
Rev. David (he/him): Most of the conversation has been about how to apportion blame.
As things go badly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is at fault for all this um.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you can we inch towards the front like toward the the door and yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's right there's a door that sort of.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be jammed shot by rubble and then there's a giant hole in the wall right next to the door.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to kind of hear through the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, this one we're super.
Timothy Sackton: Secure standing right here like trying following up with map trying to be quiet right.
Rev. David (he/him): so grateful.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Acting in conspicuous.
Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: A few things happening at once.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo and and.
Timothy Sackton: And while be up here sort of through this crack and you see looking into this through this hole in the wall, it looks like a large.
Timothy Sackton: Former dining room but it's in.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's in bad shape it's been.
Timothy Sackton: there's like six long tables benches and stuff but they're all in ruins everything's been cracked and in the in the corner sort of right here, just as you're appearing around um.
Timothy Sackton: You see, a sort of pile of rubble in trash that looks like a nesting area where you see two.
Timothy Sackton: Large lion like creatures with humanoid faces and folded wings on their back sleeping well to smaller ones.
Timothy Sackton: same kind of creature, but half or a third, the size, possibly young i'm running around chasing each other and like laughing there they seem to be playing, but not in.
Timothy Sackton: Like you've seen animals play and when animals play they're like playful and they're practicing hunting and stuff these are these are not playing in a playful way they're playing in a lake genuinely trying to prank and hurt each other away.
Timothy Sackton: Like they'll throw rocks at each other's eyes and you know, occasionally, there will be this evil laugh when one of them actually seems to get wounded.
Timothy Sackton: they're not actively like attacking each other but they're clearly trying to make each other miserable.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: At this moment, you hear a bang.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: Something falls loose some loose not really a bang more like a like a quiet rattle as some loose stones fall i'm from around from the sort of kitchen area down with as you.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Timothy Sackton: Through the kitchen i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Kicking some gravel.
Timothy Sackton: catching yourself and kind of moving away from it, but then you know you're invisible so nobody can see anything.
Timothy Sackton: You come to a big open door that leads into the same dining room in the back, and you see the two.
Timothy Sackton: toddler creatures.
Timothy Sackton: look briefly at the doorway see nothing and go back to talk to each other.
Mike Sackton: let's I mean is that, how much of the space is this like can we see like what's over here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so sort of roughly about roughly about here as where the firewall is and there.
Timothy Sackton: So there are.
Timothy Sackton: 15 foot wide like double wide imposing set of stone doors are set in the sort of that sort of back wall.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: faded and damaged and looks like they've been battered many times and the original but some of the original decoration comes through.
Timothy Sackton: On the left of this set of double doors, there is a seated figure of beach ma painted kneeling with her head bowed and hands class and prayer and the right of the set of double doors i'm.
Timothy Sackton: beach my standing radiant arms above her head like glowing and deified and written and done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: underneath across both this whole sort of 15 foot wide set of doors.
Timothy Sackton: The words let those who would enter my presence and accept my grace kneel before me and offer their prayers.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, the room this dining room takes up the entire.
Timothy Sackton: Like we can't see space.
Mike Sackton: Back to I know that's.
Timothy Sackton: beyond those doors.
Mike Sackton: The doors are closed.
Timothy Sackton: doors are the stone doors are closed, yes, so there's the big dining room here there's stone doors here that lead back this way and then there's the kitchens you explored and there's there was a passageway leading off to the kitchen to some pantries and store rooms that you didn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: explicitly the place that we want to go see, we have to like go past it crazy watery eyes the deep the head to thanks.
guys.
Rev. David (he/him): We have any idea what these things are any of us.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah TIM yeah let's see I would say our corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: I assume i'm getting live.
updates.
Eric Rosenbaum: But otherwise I shouldn't can I can I roll too.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here's the one that hasn't seen it yet, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: But well.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Writing it to the.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: seeker this deal with both dealt with and seeker you you recognize these these are these are mentors that with you've actually.
Timothy Sackton: heard stories of altitude fought these before they are dim witted but evil cruel predators, who will.
Timothy Sackton: Who are often sort of found in the service of orcs or burgers or giants they.
Timothy Sackton: Their notable feature is.
Timothy Sackton: Not only can they fly, but at least the full grown ones have Spikes that they can fire from their tails.
Timothy Sackton: Secret seeker you've not seen one before, but in.
Timothy Sackton: One of the many terms of.
Timothy Sackton: creatures, to avoid in the high mountain peaks you have found a description of manta cards in a group with other creatures, such as.
Timothy Sackton: protons and hipaa graphs that are also flying predators who sometimes attack travelers.
Timothy Sackton: Be as being both notably dim witted.
Timothy Sackton: And, notably crew or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I a soul site, like the big one.
Timothy Sackton: They don't have souls.
But.
Timothy Sackton: they're not like.
animals.
Timothy Sackton: dart monstrosities they're not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Since they have like humanoid faces, but then they don't speak any language.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you haven't heard them speak you're actually not sure if they speak.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks like a family.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we just had a thought it does look like a family he'll.
Rev. David (he/him): share with each of you, in turn, wishes.
Rev. David (he/him): If we're still up here at dusk when they leave they're gonna go eat our horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should have made a giant stone IGLOO for the horses Oh well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We regroup.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's gonna go back it's gonna just don't know yet see della gestures you don't see anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Though yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And while we or condo.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna head back to here TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over to where we're at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where seacrest like look like tours.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the gift shop was not interesting.
Mike Sackton: let's.
Mike Sackton: move past them quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait wait, what about what's in the other side of that room we get past them.
Mike Sackton: We we could try to draw the kids out, but I think we go to the Tyler first anyway.
know.
Rev. David (he/him): If we're still up you're exploring when dusk false they're going to go get our horses and if we're back with our horses when dusk false they're going to come, you know horses.
Rev. David (he/him): with us on them.
Mike Sackton: Or are we ambush them now and.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm glad that you suggested that dealt with, because I feel like i've developed an unearned reputation for bloodthirsty ness.
Mike Sackton: they're.
Mike Sackton: My people hunt these creatures they're not they're not too they're not to be negotiated with they have no.
Mike Sackton: They have no.
Mike Sackton: humanity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could they be fools today speak in any language.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if.
Mike Sackton: I think they're somewhat dim witted.
Mike Sackton: As in maybe we could fool them in the same way, you would flow an animal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: long as this and visibility last.
Mike Sackton: 10 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me sneak by them, let me sneak into that room and see what's in that that other chamber.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use clairvoyance to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To see beyond.
Rev. David (he/him): Something because, even if you're invisible when that door.
Mike Sackton: store opens I think it's gonna be hard to stay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: It will notice the door opening it might wake them up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could send my sense i'd be on the door right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah as long as you can describe where you want it to go.
Timothy Sackton: is, if not have to be a place, you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do I mean this is, we found the refectory.
Eric Rosenbaum: It baby that beyond those doors is a game room.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah chappell chappell yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems likely from the inscriptions on the door, that is a Chapel where what would you put in the same building where you eat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps the less sacred of the spaces for prayer that you would go to every day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: it'd be not be so important.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, looking at the map again a five sided structure we've seen that many times, or no yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's.
Timothy Sackton: Constantly yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah the.
Timothy Sackton: donmar a temple our architecture is typically find sign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up for that wants.
So.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's your own purpose shrine.
Mike Sackton: I think this place is a distraction.
Mike Sackton: I think what we're after is is is in the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: agree or the hall of story.
Mike Sackton: Why the hall of stories or the temple itself the temple to presumably.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm not worried about yes behind the door, but I am slightly worried about leaving them behind us.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might be able to conceal ourselves in Camp tonight.
Mike Sackton: I think, whatever we do, we should do it quickly before the invisibility vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say search.
Rev. David (he/him): murder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: boss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wants to do.
Mike Sackton: Give me two votes.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll take your vote.
Rev. David (he/him): And so that's too familiar.
With.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: leaving them behind does make me nervous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's kill them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, well let's at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well they've not been alerted to our presence yet consider if there's some kind of plan with which we could dispatch them quietly and efficiently, because who knows what else is living in this complex.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, great.
Mike Sackton: I think we tried to get the children to chase something.
Mike Sackton: You know illusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): and draw them out.
Mike Sackton: To draw them out the other side, so that they're not near the parents and then murder their parents and then they'll be sad orphans.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, I thought we were gonna murder children first.
Mike Sackton: We could murder, the children first that's probably a better idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: On what terrain or in what situation would it be most beneficial to fight a.
Mike Sackton: sense zapped.
Eric Rosenbaum: Flying lion you want.
Mike Sackton: We attack the children.
Mike Sackton: hold on it when we intact the children, the visibility will go.
Mike Sackton: that's what I was thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we want to draw them out because they can fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We collapse, the structure on it.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking draw the children out and visit invisibly ambush the parents, while the children are chasing an illusion.
Mike Sackton: And then the children will come back, but we'll have ambushed the dangerous ones, while we're visible we don't want to burn the visibility and pushing the children.
Rev. David (he/him): I think that makes sense, I think we also really want to keep the parents in sight.
inside.
Mike Sackton: But I think the children will probably not be difficult to.
Mike Sackton: I doubt they are very dangerous.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: They were small right like cat some are smaller.
Timothy Sackton: Like I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll sighs I thought.
It.
Mike Sackton: Was.
Mike Sackton: A great.
Timothy Sackton: The adult ones, are you know.
Timothy Sackton: No bigger than her size.
Timothy Sackton: Right, he young ones are maybe you know decent pony sighs.
Oh God.
Timothy Sackton: Like a.
Mike Sackton: pony.
pony.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're not tiny their.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their adolescence.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're they're like.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe for fox for fee.
Timothy Sackton: I guess Tony is a little bit generous right like like a like a mini dwarf worse like little Sebastian on.
Mike Sackton: Like pilot size.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like pilot size know pilots, even a little probably too big for them.
Timothy Sackton: A bit smaller than pilot but that sort of like like large dog.
Mike Sackton: So we're gonna we're gonna murder your dog toys.
Rev. David (he/him): First of all, my dog is not an evil baby.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Rev. David (he/him): A good baby um is there any way to like stone shape seeker or shape earth or otherwise, like clothes off that roughly area to reduce the exits.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a cool idea, I imagine, I could I could take care of that yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or at least you know, make it harder for them to get out.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah you really dig.
Timothy Sackton: You couldn't you couldn't close off the whole.
Timothy Sackton: that's hole in the ceiling, as I think would require some structural and certainly.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly close off the the sort of gaps in the walls here and here that would take you.
Timothy Sackton: You know, three, four minutes stacking loose earth with Mother Earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that they could just fly right out think.
Timothy Sackton: They could fly right the whole.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're currently sleeping like here right not directly beneath the whole but there's not a lot, you know, maybe there is but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm only on earth.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe we'll be able to close this whole.
Rev. David (he/him): melee fighters on that side and range fighters through the doorway on the far side of the room, so that way you put like close combat between them and the ability to fly out.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't get the locations do that again.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I click in a way that's visible to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you.
Mike Sackton: Just hold.
Timothy Sackton: Just hold yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): You see, that yep alright so like if the mentors are there, we put melee fighters there to block them from being up the fly up and then like range attackers maybe over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: because those are perfectly good exits for as well.
Mike Sackton: And one final question.
Mike Sackton: How worried, are we about them flying and should I preserve my last spouse to what somebody fly.
Rev. David (he/him): You can make people fly yes let's do that instead.
Mike Sackton: One one person.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, I mean let's just skip these guys fly that's frickin amazing what.
Mike Sackton: One person, though.
Mike Sackton: Three people no fly one person and for.
Eric Rosenbaum: You sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What when if and when the mentors escape you should make me fly and then i'll all fucking flying.
Mike Sackton: The only problem was that means I can't cast any other spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put like mid air like hand to hand combat.
Mike Sackton: I can wait and see what happens before I use up a spell, though.
Mike Sackton: To see if we need to make them fly that's that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could do that, yes, that'd be useful, because then that I had like no, you can take that offline attack mission and i'll be pretty badass.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so and then and then uh well, we can shoot arrows at me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm see i'm glad we've spent the time to contemplate what might go well or poorly as we.
Mike Sackton: Can somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: rushing into things because it occurred to me that I have this thrilling that that I had custom made back in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if somebody could.
Mike Sackton: You posted that over the.
Mike Sackton: hole in the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now it's probably only.
Timothy Sackton: Six feet across it full yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if you can get it anywhere on to one of these mentors I can make it very uncomfortable with my heat metal that presumably don't have any metal in their bodies, otherwise.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just drop it on one visit I mean.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we can walk up to one invisible and just drop the net on it, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might require some care because it could easily be shaken off, but it's worth a try, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, aimed crossbow book what will I be able to heat up as well, but I think that has to be very well to stick.
Mike Sackton: The net is made out of metal.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like a mash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it for this purpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's why I had it made in Kerala yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow that's.
Mike Sackton: that's a little brutal a net to throw in your enemies to burn them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we are killing murdering family right now so.
Mike Sackton: We are let's let's actually do it, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm ready.
Rev. David (he/him): we're not murdering the.
Mike Sackton: Step one is to entice the children out with some sort of illusions now.
Rev. David (he/him): They see the non invisible ones of us if they do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so here's I didn't have that there's there are too many ways these combat could go, so I didn't have an actual battle map but.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we could have skipped this all together.
Rev. David (he/him): You said come back with an s on the end.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: I think if we are if we.
Mike Sackton: If if you entice the children out the opposite direction of the building from the non visible people that should work.
Mike Sackton: mean my thought was not even anything that complicated throw a rock and then have an illusionary creature wandering around by where the rockets and they run after.
Eric Rosenbaum: desert rabbit or something.
Mike Sackton: something interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): or those back doors big enough for the adults to get out of, or is the root folder only entrance.
Timothy Sackton: hall is seems like they're only enter well, no.
Timothy Sackton: They couldn't get out though, so this this arch way in the back leads to the kitchens, they could squeeze through that but not comfortably this door, which is.
Timothy Sackton: blocked by rubble anyway, they couldn't get out of these holes in the wall, they could get out of those are about 15 feet wide, but the roof hole which is this whole dotted area.
Timothy Sackton: Here right is all the sky is clearly their main entrance and exit and these dots over here are the sort of rubble that is functions it's rough terrain.
Rev. David (he/him): So we met some some the kids at the back end all four of us come in the front.
Mike Sackton: yeah we could oh yeah cuz, this is not a good exit for them as your.
Timothy Sackton: Point that's not a good exit for the parents now.
Mike Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: I did hear a noise from over there earlier.
Mike Sackton: Send make another you know, noise and illusion over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm right.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I do mine original I would have to be over there to make that happen as a true.
Timothy Sackton: what's the range.
Eric Rosenbaum: The range is 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So you'd have to be within 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah you'd have to be mean, this is a pretty big it's probably a little bigger than the room actually is.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I mean need to go around the back to do that.
Timothy Sackton: But you would have to go around the back yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not super safe because i'm enticing these things that are for each four times my weight and irresponsible dangerous.
Mike Sackton: You don't want to entice.
Eric Rosenbaum: them and how.
Mike Sackton: To run it you.
Mike Sackton: That kind of defeats the purpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah but i'm not invisible and I have to be near enough.
Timothy Sackton: And you would lose invisibility when you cast a spell anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm TIM, is there any part of this structure that looks like it could be vulnerable to collapse with say a magical impulsive power.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the edges of the place that has already collapsed may not be that Sturdy, but how far.
Timothy Sackton: From the edge, it would likely collapse it's not clear.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet, so the illusion has to be so that's that's not a good place to hide.
Mike Sackton: that's a little tough.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if you stand right here, you can put the illusion.
Mike Sackton: We can't see what you're saying.
Timothy Sackton: Can you.
Mike Sackton: see that yeah yeah right there.
Timothy Sackton: Then you can put the illusion like right here sorry if you stand.
Timothy Sackton: You can put it out.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know that's your plan.
Mike Sackton: it's 30 feet is your minor illusion.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah, although this, to be honest, I didn't check the scale of this map, this is, I don't think that Rome is actually.
Mike Sackton: it's not actually 100 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, no it's probably it's about 100 by 100 foot square because it's their main dining room.
Timothy Sackton: That is about right.
Timothy Sackton: So the back wall is like right.
Timothy Sackton: The edge of the map is the back wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Mike Sackton: I mean your best bet is almost to hide at the edge of the corner or something and just.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet is tough for this plan you don't have any illusions that nobody has any good illusionary spouse that last more than 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: like this mockery is 60.
Rev. David (he/him): record should meet.
Rev. David (he/him): up and over the building, so that lady on the far side do clatter but.
Mike Sackton: i'm at.
Mike Sackton: hold on and visibility, let me just check something.
Mike Sackton: out it ends with a target attacks or cast.
Mike Sackton: A spell.
Mike Sackton: I can kind of run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: harmless tremors in the ground for one minute I can create an instantaneous sound that originates for a point of your choice within range.
Mike Sackton: what's the range.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: But you're invisible and that's not an attack or a spell.
Timothy Sackton: It is a spell if I can drop.
Mike Sackton: out to keep our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: dude cancel those contracts to wow.
Mike Sackton: This isn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's how I do my like you know normally.
Mike Sackton: huh well be do you have any spells that.
Mike Sackton: would be useful here.
Rev. David (he/him): No, but I mean depending how much salary, but it's just like chuck a rock over yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): So when's the other side.
Mike Sackton: yeah why don't we just do that except i'd be worried that they.
Mike Sackton: are lacking i'm they heard a sound of didn't see.
anything they did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just wake up the mantle was that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There were some motorbikes or something.
Mike Sackton: I mean may change would work but i'd lose my disability.
Mike Sackton: I really want that surprise round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the second.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah let's just come on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who wants to take my net thing.
Mike Sackton: That was going to end well folks this was not my plan, I will say.
Mike Sackton: My plan.
Rev. David (he/him): it's not too late to walk away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what's your plan what's your plan.
Mike Sackton: My plan apparently won't work because we don't have the right spouse.
Mike Sackton: My plan was to was to distract so we're only fighting to at once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can still do that right just by throwing the rocks.
Mike Sackton: and eat them to actually we need something for them to chase them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All about drift club.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
Mike Sackton: I bet you they chase it drift club yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've got a low.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now you're talking see how do you control that.
Timothy Sackton: It just stays where you put it.
Timothy Sackton: In last year within 60 unless you're further than 60 feet away, in which case it follows you.
Mike Sackton: But here's what you do you, you are invisible.
Mike Sackton: So until you what go with the.
Mike Sackton: Drift globe, it will be invisible.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: yeah now go make a noise, on the other side great with the drift Globe but go with a drift Globe right right yeah and then go past quickly go pass them invisible and kill the parents.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'll be standing next to them to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's do that I like that plan.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so where where that's Where are you putting the Jeff club.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to be like over over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: over here outside the door.
Mike Sackton: yeah cuz like if you leave the drift Globe here and then.
Mike Sackton: As long as you pass through the door, but.
Timothy Sackton: here's here's Kansas Jeff gluck oops.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: here's Kansas Jeff club, you can control that just put it, where you want it hold on i'll say look.
Timothy Sackton: This this right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh nice Okay, so I can.
Timothy Sackton: You can move it put it, where you want it alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let me move that like over here.
Mike Sackton: yeah and and you would be there too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right and then I turn it on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I turned that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to come inside.
Correct.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you've got net is that right dollar.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah who's who's gonna get rid of close to them.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I was gonna go stand like right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so i'm going to eventually come.
Mike Sackton: And then you.
Mike Sackton: can say you're gonna come in right like right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right i'm gonna stand safely right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Eric Rosenbaum: For me.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'll do it.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be Where are you so kenzo right now as as the start your next to the.
Mike Sackton: Correct standing right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could have just like gone into the library of books to explain the answer to the mysteries but it's.
Mike Sackton: Very secret.
Rev. David (he/him): You know, some of us care about our horses.
Mike Sackton: And it's true.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Rev. David (he/him): I have the only mount that will be fine in this situation so i'm.
Mike Sackton: manacor might take an xp actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast fly on the xp.
Rev. David (he/him): Man on a flightless bird that would Fuck with it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't want back to normal be good okay.
Timothy Sackton: Can everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what do you do in a tie the.
Mike Sackton: decks highest decks wins.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what your taxes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if it's players tying each other that you can just go.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just had a side oh Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: You get into position.
Timothy Sackton: As dealt with kicks a step or sorry.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo kicks a stone and then tosses the drift Globe away from him it.
Timothy Sackton: landing there and then begins running through this gap before the medical market get to it and comes like around here the two kids hear the noise look up and then see this flash of light something floating there and begin to run.
Timothy Sackton: In this direction seeming to chase each other to get to this and grab it and bad or.
Timothy Sackton: For the other one, and now they are as they approach they start fighting each other over the globe.
Timothy Sackton: It rolls rolls around and they you know they're trying to each take possession of it.
Mike Sackton: Hopefully, they don't break it but anyway.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to do so kenza you're up first.
Timothy Sackton: Oh we're still invisible yeah.
Timothy Sackton: They are surprised.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just attack them right.
Mike Sackton: I think so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah unseen so you got advantage on your first attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And TIM, I know how to I can attack with my quarter staff twice and then attack for events twice.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For easy all right.
Rev. David (he/him): Do we all have advantage because President, or we don't suppress doesn't automatically get advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, being unseen gives advantage surprise doesn't automatically give advantage, it just me ah.
Rev. David (he/him): They don't have.
Timothy Sackton: They don't yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's rules again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, you get to roll again because you had the damage.
Timothy Sackton: That hits the first, second one hits.
Timothy Sackton: Nice sorry that that is now you roll.
Timothy Sackton: Again, for your quarter staff and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then twice for for.
Timothy Sackton: You use a key twice for Florida blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flurry of blows is a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I get.
Timothy Sackton: One armed attack automatically as a bonus action to if you use a key point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That I thought right now i'm actions act attacks per action is to your bonus bonus attacks only count as one.
Timothy Sackton: Actually yeah, no matter what only one unless you use the key, then you get a second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah why that rolling so pathetically low.
So.
Timothy Sackton: Your first attack as you're invisible heads and then, as it starts awake looks at you and begins to bellow ah you're slightly thrown off and your next three your next to attacks go why.
Mike Sackton: All right, I am going to.
Mike Sackton: So first question, the net do I have to use an attack to drop the net on it what's the deal with the net.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that would be one of your attacks.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You can replace one of your your attacks with dropping than that.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I should do that I just I kind of want to use my attacks with advantage on actual damaging attacks first.
Timothy Sackton: But while you're not only your first attack gets advantage because.
Timothy Sackton: Once you attack you're no longer invisible, so you can use your first attack okay.
Mike Sackton: So first i'm going to curse this thing.
Timothy Sackton: The one in front of you are.
Mike Sackton: The one in front of me.
Mike Sackton: Okay, then I am going to attack what me just that's why.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to attack it with advantage.
Mike Sackton: What me again just to see if I.
know.
Timothy Sackton: That hits yeah.
Mike Sackton: I 21 hits my guy and does not does.
Timothy Sackton: Not sex.
Timothy Sackton: On damage.
Mike Sackton: 16 damage total.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I will.
Mike Sackton: use my other action by their attack to drop the net on it.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Just make a.
Timothy Sackton: make a.
Timothy Sackton: Dax check to see how hard it is for it to.
Timothy Sackton: wiggle out.
Mike Sackton: Not a good role.
Timothy Sackton: um okay well i'll be your up right.
Rev. David (he/him): I am going to take careful aim and shoot an arrow at the one in front of dealt with an arrow that as it leaves my boat burst into flame.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah if.
Rev. David (he/him): You roll to hit with advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): What.
Eric Rosenbaum: When you got eight both times that's brutal.
Rev. David (he/him): rose rose above 10.
Mike Sackton: Why because we're all really terribly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just your shoes.
Timothy Sackton: Your flaming arrows flies wide.
Timothy Sackton: crashing into the wall.
Timothy Sackton: missing the man.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I have to do this, all myself.
Timothy Sackton: seekers you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so what what is the what's the situation with the bit, is it like actually on the mentor body.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah it's on the medical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, only covered it and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like what part of the score is it on.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a while it was sort of curled up sleeping so it's draped over like it's left part of its left wing.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, good enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I send spectral fire into my first time.
Timothy Sackton: Right, did you mean to cast out at third level.
Eric Rosenbaum: uh why don't we discuss.
Mike Sackton: Now cast.
Mike Sackton: Second level yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't my spell slots don't automatically get used up anyway okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'll let you keep them for instead of the to.
Mike Sackton: My God, do you rolled not erode the chance of rolling.
Mike Sackton: For ones on five va.
is very la la la.
Timothy Sackton: See you guys into the medical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: wow so or damage that's awful.
Timothy Sackton: But ah, it needs to make at this is that wait, is it can you.
I guess I can pop this up.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: guess the discussions attacks right.
Mike Sackton: evasion attack roles yep.
Mike Sackton: yeah I tell the start of your next turn yep.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can use a bonus action to do it again so basically it has constant disadvantage and my son can get out of the neck.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Which it's pretty dumb it might it may or may not realize that it can get out of it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so but it only took for damage so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worrying for data from.
Mike Sackton: is being Nice and give me three and one.
Timothy Sackton: From.
Timothy Sackton: Their level Castle instead of his second rule.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it shows size to the.
Timothy Sackton: band, but you kept it at third level i'm just taking away the last last.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see I see.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Mike Sackton: OK OK now we'll be fine.
Timothy Sackton: So that man decor in front of you kenzo like shakes turns around looking at you i'm looking at the situation and just um.
Mike Sackton: Well, how about Helen That was a surprise round so unless their initiative is above 22 cans I should get to go get.
Timothy Sackton: It is it was 23.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: man.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I just and kind of looks sleepily up and like roars.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, in pain and surprise, as it.
Rev. David (he/him): French.
Timothy Sackton: bunches at you, with its fight.
Timothy Sackton: which hits for eight points of piercing damage and then it rears up on its hind legs and swings of both of its claws.
Timothy Sackton: As you dodge back from those attacks, as they both mess.
Timothy Sackton: Man turn and, as you turn to retaliate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do ali's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blaster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I do my quarter staff add him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again.
My guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guy.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'll use a key to unarmed strikes again.
Eric Rosenbaum: want to punch them into chorus to.
death.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
Mike Sackton: OK, I will.
Mike Sackton: guys should I hold my keep holding my flying reserve, or do you think we should do something else we guess i'll keep holding in reserve right now.
Mike Sackton: I will attack this guy.
Mike Sackton: i'm just gonna do a normal attack.
Mike Sackton: For 14 damage.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack it again.
Mike Sackton: I will miss that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: So you get a good, solid blow in, though, and this this one that's now been hit by you and taken the burn damage is looking like it's not super happy at the moment it.
Timothy Sackton: Can you it startled on for where it's kids are and it's like screeching at the burning chain on its back um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: seeker or sorry welby.
Rev. David (he/him): I will take careful aim at that same metaphor, that I missed last time in front of duluth and this time not fire a flaming arrow but just a regular old nun flaming.
Rev. David (he/him): hey awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): book for 16.
Timothy Sackton: strikes.
Timothy Sackton: True, and.
Timothy Sackton: This man record looks like pretty rough at this point.
Rev. David (he/him): will be able to shut up don't set yourselves out we've still got this your negative thinking is your worst enemy here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: positive thinking positive thinking okay.
Mike Sackton: And again.
Timothy Sackton: that's a bonus action you can still.
Mike Sackton: Get cast do something else do.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I thought it was just it just happens passively or automatically.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: use a bonus action but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast third level shatter to send an explosion into the area directly into two oh is that dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's kind of crowded spot what's the radius of this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 foot radius sphere so 20 feet diameter.
Timothy Sackton: You could get them both if you placed it carefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah without hitting any friends.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: What do you casting.
Eric Rosenbaum: shatter at third level.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: that's range, I think you need to move up a little bit too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh good point.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can move just move like 15 feet around the corner, but you'll have to come into the room.
Rev. David (he/him): Or we were at the sound.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Is that thunder is that.
Timothy Sackton: booming and why is it.
Mike Sackton: don't do that actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little will be encouraged me to use positive thinking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we kind of think we gave up on surprised when we decided to attack them, and of course it's kind of like they're like screaming and yelling and shit it's like there's like a battle that.
Yes, I.
Mike Sackton: I think I think we're doing Okay, we might not want to burn all of our spouse, but anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you gonna do shatter.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm doing it.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: channel your inner wealthy.
Mike Sackton: Wealthy said.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should do it still chatted a wealthy.
Timothy Sackton: So ah let's see con saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'd love a glowing magical grenade, to the point in between the two men.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's an earth shattering boom.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, enormous boom as the building shake slightly and both of them and, of course, get.
Timothy Sackton: shaken and slapped by this damage.
Timothy Sackton: Both make their save but still take nine points each and the one in front of da with now looks like basically dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and then i'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make sure to pull on this strand of magical fire attached to the.
Timothy Sackton: archives so rolling CDA.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just manually oh no I can do it from the spill.
Timothy Sackton: or from there.
Timothy Sackton: So that's enough as its as its i'm.
Timothy Sackton: struggling under the blast of energy from the shatter spell and then the searing of the of the chain is enough to.
Timothy Sackton: kill it.
Timothy Sackton: So this one next to dealt with his dad.
Rev. David (he/him): was thinking.
Timothy Sackton: There was this.
Timothy Sackton: Her next so that's over ah OK, but the one next to kenzo now well like look around.
Timothy Sackton: In concern now like where its children and and these young links now, as I guess last turn have run back hearing the sounds of combat and the loud noise.
Timothy Sackton: And are turning and looking and this one will.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna the ceiling is too low here for it to fly but it's gonna start running towards the.
Timothy Sackton: Opening 1230.
Eric Rosenbaum: God he.
Mike Sackton: Who is the kid or the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little one is so.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no the big one.
Timothy Sackton: So, can you get an attack of opportunity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: opportunity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just a regular quarter second yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're.
Timothy Sackton: gonna let's see.
Timothy Sackton: 12345 sex that can get to about there, but it does not have.
Timothy Sackton: After dashing as it's actually does not have time to leap into the sky this turn.
okies.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see now that young see it and are heading its way.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I run after it and attack it hello, how much can I move.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I don't know what's your move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I find my moves.
Mike Sackton: it's just on your character sheet and.
Mike Sackton: Were next to proficiency bonus and hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The 40 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So you can move 40 or you can spend a bone spend a key point to move at as a bonus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, but I also have a ring of jumping.
Timothy Sackton: That just let you jump high doesn't give you extra movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I can so I can use a key to like catch up to it engagement.
Timothy Sackton: yeah usually yeah.
Mike Sackton: You only need five extra fee but.
Mike Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: This is difficult, difficult terrain, so you need.
Timothy Sackton: You need 25 extra fee.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: You need to use a key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But now, once the agent, though, if it tries to escape again I got another free tack it yep okay all right i'll engage it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll use an extra key So you see kenzo like fucking moving like a like a like heads oh very fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: park whores over a bunch of terrain gets over to the manta core and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Attacks it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then attacks again, but I did I did 12 presidential.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the alarms sure I.
Timothy Sackton: know you already used your bonus action to dash so you can also use your bonus action to attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, with.
Mike Sackton: That little move to hear.
Mike Sackton: And attack it.
Mike Sackton: Except instead of two attacks i'm using booming blade.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Wait that didn't roll on attack.
Mike Sackton: What just happened there.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just.
Mike Sackton: say that again.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): What.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't, no, no, it doesn't do all of that, because I don't have the exploits curse.
Timothy Sackton: It does 18.
Mike Sackton: And it wait hold on the booming blade only does one D eight.
Mike Sackton: Not the other one is only if it moves.
Timothy Sackton: So if it moves it takes an additional 1414.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: If it moves.
Mike Sackton: It moves before my next turn it takes 14 more damage.
Timothy Sackton: So there's this loud.
Timothy Sackton: crack as this sort of fun during energy surrounds.
Timothy Sackton: This man to car ah wow be Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh close to dead, does it look.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty close to dead all right.
Rev. David (he/him): I will just do my case take careful aim and tech.
Timothy Sackton: bad habits.
Timothy Sackton: dad as well, these arrow pierce's it in the eye.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: As the young legs run up, but in the interest of time they're not that hard to kill so takes you another two rounds to dispatch the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: metaphor family that was sleeping and.
Timothy Sackton: Playing exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God damn it.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: As you regroup from that.
Timothy Sackton: Relatively quick.
Mike Sackton: very loud.
Timothy Sackton: But very loud fight.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that over here in this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Well, where they were sleeping is also like there's a bunch of bones, and things seemingly what they've been eating.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Any like sacks of gold or magic rings hidden amongst.
Rev. David (he/him): This is right.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can search.
Timothy Sackton: let's.
Mike Sackton: make an investigation jack do my investigations really good.
Mike Sackton: Look at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Nice nice um you don't find any.
Timothy Sackton: treasure particularly they don't seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: particularly interested in gathering.
Timothy Sackton: Any like gold or anything like that, and all the bit bones are pretty much like desert animals mammals small mammals antelope the occasional like how you know our larger carnival or like a xp or something i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The one thing that you do notice that strikes you as odd is the four noble skeletons that seemed to have been.
Timothy Sackton: eaten and consumed by the asthmatic gore's.
Eric Rosenbaum: knowles they ate noodles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our friends and we killed on.
Mike Sackton: me.
Rev. David (he/him): The enemy of our enemy does that make that explain why the works like have been leaving this area alone.
Rev. David (he/him): We didn't we didn't sending know knowles though right in the.
Mike Sackton: South but there.
Mike Sackton: But there were a bunch of those who were heading off to the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: And these things, probably have a pretty large hunting range if they're huge winged creatures, they could fly 50 miles and kill something and come back in a day probably.
Timothy Sackton: As you are searching is any who's like whereas everybody else, well done with the search.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: same you know the answer the safest place possible.
Mike Sackton: Now there are keeping careful watch.
Very good perception.
Mike Sackton: The doors.
Rev. David (he/him): Post up at the door here.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm investigating the details of the stonework.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I gotta get.
Mike Sackton: The back door up in the front door secret can wander is.
Eric Rosenbaum: walking like relief rubbings.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah sorry you're gonna let.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna hide as i'm doing that.
Timothy Sackton: Because I can't make a stop jack.
Timothy Sackton: um you see coming out of the bath house across the path apparently not having noticed you, but obviously investigating.
Timothy Sackton: The sounds of.
Timothy Sackton: Of the battle.
Timothy Sackton: Sex orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: not particularly prepared for like they're you know they're got their Armor on but they seem to have been resting or sleeping and are like grumbling to each other, like.
Timothy Sackton: What are those stupid man of course up to.
Timothy Sackton: i'm heading in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: You have about.
Timothy Sackton: A minute before they're here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have them all.
Rev. David (he/him): telepathically give that heads up to everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the orcs aren't going to go kill our horses, so we can leave them alone.
Mike Sackton: they're about to walk in here to.
Eric Rosenbaum: see what the magic course we're trying to eat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Mike Sackton: yeah all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: are peaceful fact finding mission.
Eric Rosenbaum: so well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're always they're always bloodthirsty.
Timothy Sackton: villager could just walk fast.
Rev. David (he/him): This is the best possible thing, because it would have been even worse to leave men, of course.
end or expired.
Mike Sackton: let's see I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be where he.
Mike Sackton: came from kenzo please come join our ambush.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: These are walls right.
Mike Sackton: i'm not crazy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah those are walls.
Mike Sackton: That that's not where I want to be, I want to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many is it for orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: fix six.
Total.
Eric Rosenbaum: Six orcs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as well, we really want to be over here like right in the doorway.
Rev. David (he/him): Which which door where they're coming.
Timothy Sackton: From they're coming from this way heading for this doorway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be.
Eric Rosenbaum: There neither cover inside this place.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just this pile of rubble where the mantle courts where is the only real cover inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, maybe i'll act like a mentor.
Mike Sackton: Could you illusion yourself look like a manacor.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Not with minor illusion see small you could illusion well I.
Mike Sackton: came in a car kid.
I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: The body is still right there have one of them at least right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah the dead bodies are there.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you are.
Mike Sackton: Literally illusion yourself to look like a manacor kid sitting next to one of its dead parents.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I could just crouch behind the body, I think i'll do.
Mike Sackton: yeah you could do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm also collecting my net TIM OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody sat.
Timothy Sackton: let's see can cannot.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be or sorry not well, but you already ruled stealth i'm dealt with and kenzo real stuff.
Mike Sackton: I can try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: So, so I can everybody roll initiative i'm an seeker, are you trying to hide, are you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah i'm trying to hide so whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Still saw stuff.
Timothy Sackton: If you are like crouched in total cover.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're like hiding behind the man, the core body, then they wouldn't be no matter what.
Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hiding behind them into core body, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I have a six stealth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh well.
Mike Sackton: better than my for.
Timothy Sackton: you're not being very quiet, but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo 15 and while the roads 21 okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You see, where it says here.
Timothy Sackton: You see, the.
Timothy Sackton: Four are sort of coming along for arcs in the lead sort of coming along.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the side of of the building and.
Timothy Sackton: And as they come like around here.
Timothy Sackton: are the ones in the front.
Timothy Sackton: See dealt with and you hear shouts go up.
Timothy Sackton: Some things here well in orchestra, but you presume it something's here.
Timothy Sackton: However well be and kenzo are unseen so you to do gets the prize rounds.
Timothy Sackton: So well be and kenza both of you get to do something first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will handle stuff over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And lexi.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can I cast a spell before they get there.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, ah sure what do you want to cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I just have a feeling that this combat.
Eric Rosenbaum: For kenzo is gonna be really big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, I might need some some inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe to become roughly 12 feet tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how would that affect your your like attack, since you.
Timothy Sackton: Do an extra 24 on every attack.
Mike Sackton: i'm actually going to cast a spell before to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, all right we're gonna try it i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huge and then Can somebody maybe fly.
Mike Sackton: Now i'm not gonna make you fly I use my spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but but theoretically you could.
Timothy Sackton: Theoretically, huge flying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you fight like a dragon or some shit like that you definitely have to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I make the classic and pinch gesture.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and toss it towards kenzo and he.
Eric Rosenbaum: Along with everything he's holding and wearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: doubles in size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza was like looking at himself like holy shit i'm huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your size doubles and all dimensions and your weight is multiplied by eight.
Timothy Sackton: main effect is all attack, I mean the main combat effect is all attacks do an extra Wendy for damage, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: advantages on strengths.
Eric Rosenbaum: checks and and saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: i'll double check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God i'm fucking huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the token is here that's funny.
Mike Sackton: yeah you do an extra 24 damage.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, yeah i'll smash the hell out of this one right here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're up you're up first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And those.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, while bees up first.
Rev. David (he/him): um do any of them have like a horn or a trumpet or like a signaling tena thing.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah this this one in the back here seems like or or sorry yeah this one in the back seems probably like the.
Timothy Sackton: commander of this group or whatever, and is yeah.
Timothy Sackton: seems like maybe not a horn but like.
Timothy Sackton: Could shout loud nobody have like an.
Timothy Sackton: Actual trump at.
Rev. David (he/him): A i'll just take this.
Rev. David (he/him): This guy I guess and take careful aim and shoot him.
Eric Rosenbaum: It will be are you outside the building.
Timothy Sackton: an advantage, because you are you don't need to take care for him, because you already have advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): So I won't do that then.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're shooting flame the 16 hits yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah no just regular so make sure.
Timothy Sackton: that the first orange arrow flies just falls dad.
Timothy Sackton: As well be his arrow from out of nowhere pierces through its skull.
Timothy Sackton: While we are sorry yeah kenzo your next.
Timothy Sackton: Canada.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry, no, you have advantage on your first attack because you're unseen.
Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): That that oh it's.
Timothy Sackton: A lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And though I wrote an extra 24.
Timothy Sackton: To 34 because you wrote a crap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow so I just you know work.
Mike Sackton: yep yep.
Timothy Sackton: So you already did 13 damage.
Timothy Sackton: 20 damage.
Timothy Sackton: that's enough to kill it so this giant quarter stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Like smashing down on this unsuspecting orcs had and just crack that open.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like the size of a ship's mass you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically wow.
Timothy Sackton: So now you don't have advantage, but you can move before your next attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well okay good so.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's funny that he can't run faster, even though he's double the size but yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess i'll step here and strike this dude.
Timothy Sackton: If you're making a second quarter.
Eric Rosenbaum: The size of a trash can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I can oh yeah in that case I will I will talk with my quarter staff again.
Timothy Sackton: That hits six points of damage not quite enough to kill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over the.
Mike Sackton: Years Wendy for.
Timothy Sackton: One day 24 yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's looking pretty wounded from that blow.
Mike Sackton: Now punch it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pays.
Timothy Sackton: off balance from your you're not quite used to punching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, straight down yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, but that brings us back to the top of the order well.
Rev. David (he/him): uh.
Rev. David (he/him): let's get some more of these guys i'm so.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I fire from where I am like how obstructed is that corner.
Rev. David (he/him): Is that rather than an actual.
Timothy Sackton: You can only see this one from there alright.
Rev. David (he/him): You don't shoot that.
Timothy Sackton: out okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Because I think carefully and doesn't Let me move so just stay there, and shoot.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that hits.
Rev. David (he/him): 18.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that Arc is slightly better armed and armored than.
Timothy Sackton: The previous one, but i'm not dead, but looks pretty wounded you got it you got it falling.
Timothy Sackton: seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm like totally out of sight and out of range of everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to check my email.
Mike Sackton: views are terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it might.
Eric Rosenbaum: Add your next.
Eric Rosenbaum: move of.
Eric Rosenbaum: allows me to get not even like.
Eric Rosenbaum: near the door yet right no.
Eric Rosenbaum: No man.
Timothy Sackton: You were the one you just wanted to start way back there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well there's six works, I mean I didn't know we were going to have mega camp so on our side.
You.
can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let's see 12345 so I can go here yeah and then I still can't see any new york's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct tell begin i'm composing a brutal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal self criticism that i'm going to inject into the mind of one of the orcs if they're still alive, when I get.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can use your action to dash that you can go and.
Mike Sackton: move again.
Mike Sackton: If you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: To I want to get that close to the action let's see so that would be like here.
Mike Sackton: I don't know yeah we're just going ah.
OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I don't think they can come inside I think they kind of have to like.
Timothy Sackton: I think giant kenzo it's kind of keeping the door.
Timothy Sackton: unlocked there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is what is the line from princess bride a tearing their arms off yeah just do that.
Timothy Sackton: um okay down with your up.
Mike Sackton: i'll go there.
Mike Sackton: And attack.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: hold on a second, let me just check the it's a the target to the to the day.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so I will stab the guy right in front of me yeah but my my sword well my blackest night shadow sword well in golf itself in green flame as I swing at.
Mike Sackton: The orc.
Mike Sackton: But that.
Mike Sackton: Mrs 14.
Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: clangs off of its Armor.
Timothy Sackton: This one that's in front of you is has a shield as well, so.
Mike Sackton: Okay tougher and green flame just Peters out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so after doll with.
Timothy Sackton: The badly injured or in front of giant kenzo and the next to hear well attack on.
Timothy Sackton: Both of them look back slightly concerned at.
Timothy Sackton: This one here i'm who, like her, like does this aggressive face and this one will half heartedly swing it's great acts of the giant in front of it um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you just kind of swatted away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It misses what is being used to to our class.
Timothy Sackton: nothing but it rolled up what's your AC I think your AC is like six.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's way better than whatever that number was.
He.
Timothy Sackton: missed anyway um.
Timothy Sackton: and dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: The one in front of you in fact does hat.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: As soon as he hits me well, tell me how much damage it is first.
Timothy Sackton: 14 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: So dealt with doesn't work physically harmed at all, and the cold that's encasing his Armor in cases this guy and he takes 15 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's.
Rev. David (he/him): That again.
Mike Sackton: dealt with his Armor is shot through with frost and as soon as this guy attacks me the frost shooting through my armored virals out and in cases him in cold.
Timothy Sackton: So he he rolled that critical hit and he's got this perfect strike right at Dartmouth and Armor just kind of reaches up.
Mike Sackton: Well, this isn't my Armor 10 this is Armor have access.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: I see.
Timothy Sackton: yeah energy reaches up along the blade of his great acts and, as he just freezes in place and keels over.
Timothy Sackton: dead from the frost damage of having placed cursed by his own success.
Timothy Sackton: Having.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your your Armor on that, if we do that if you get.
Mike Sackton: A spouse.
Mike Sackton: see me cast this before.
Timothy Sackton: And that brings us to cancel.
Timothy Sackton: The orcs are in rough shape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're really good at killing things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll i'll I will a giant tesla will smash the sky.
Mike Sackton: The spell also gives me 15 temporary hit points, so I didn't even take any.
Timothy Sackton: damage that hits that kills him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so so kinds of just like baseball BAT it's like it's like the quarter SAS.
Mike Sackton: um let's keep the captain alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: whack a mole.
Eric Rosenbaum: bonk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, then, I come out to here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one is which one is the wounded warrior.
Timothy Sackton: that's why i'm here is the.
Rev. David (he/him): Other one the other one is to Captain or the.
Timothy Sackton: Other ones, the captain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I attack it and not kill you.
Mike Sackton: Know kill the one next killer don't tell the tell the other one first.
Eric Rosenbaum: could do the jogging the memory move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the other one.
Mike Sackton: kill this one first.
Mike Sackton: And then grapple the captain you're super giant and have advantage and strength checks.
Mike Sackton: As I have to be next turn oh you don't kill it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The first quarter staff.
hats.
Timothy Sackton: raw data di extra D for for the damage oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The second one message.
Eric Rosenbaum: And crush on major where's your.
Timothy Sackton: arm strike yeah that's X 34 is really add up.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Mike Sackton: Extra D for.
Timothy Sackton: Large monks are nasty.
Timothy Sackton: This.
This is.
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna flurry of blows you can make an extra attack, if you want he's not quite dead he's staggered back as your blows rain down on him like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: staggering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: apparently not attacking not the commander.
Timothy Sackton: Not the commander yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll sit mikey.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the.
Timothy Sackton: Captain now looks around.
Timothy Sackton: grimly uncertain.
Timothy Sackton: and well.
Timothy Sackton: he's gonna run.
Timothy Sackton: he's not one so megan attack of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: And then chase him down yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That had extra before.
Mike Sackton: He has plenty of hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So that was our total.
Mike Sackton: Nine total.
Mike Sackton: 212 total yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm Okay, and then, this one is going to look at.
Timothy Sackton: You giant kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and say point at you and say in common grovel.
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: some kind of command.
Mike Sackton: he's there spell caster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I probably should have used my thing.
Timothy Sackton: You just laugh them off.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us back to well be.
Rev. David (he/him): A i'm going to point at him and say die and then take careful aim and shoot him.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good approach.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you do so much damage dude.
Mike Sackton: sneak attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are nasty.
Half well.
Mike Sackton: rogues can damage.
Timothy Sackton: But they only got one attack.
Mike Sackton: But you did just as much damage.
Mike Sackton: You did oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean we all do a lot of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah maybe.
Rev. David (he/him): A sneak attack.
Rev. David (he/him): speaker 4063 right now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just gonna get around the corner, I guess.
Mike Sackton: Go out the door and.
Mike Sackton: do anything else, that would.
Mike Sackton: That would stop that stop this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't have that.
Timothy Sackton: he's wearing chain now.
Mike Sackton: You could yeah but we don't want to kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Rev. David (he/him): You look threatened or intimidated him, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make a suggestion I haven't used that one.
Mike Sackton: Before yeah do that.
Mike Sackton: grovel.
Eric Rosenbaum: will see the one that cast the grovel.
Mike Sackton: Now is just the other guy but still.
Timothy Sackton: One that came to grovel is dead.
Timothy Sackton: I mean suggesting can be suggestion is not it's not quite command, it can be, but it could be like you know.
Timothy Sackton: The giant will kill you if you don't drop your weapons and surrender.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah all right.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: So alright.
Timothy Sackton: So i'll cast a spell suggestion you can be you can it's basically like.
Timothy Sackton: any sort of semi reasonable course of action, you can try and convince.
Mike Sackton: You should also include it can be two sentences have him drop his weapon surrender and tell us everything he knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice does it say two sentences on here.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a suggestion yeah it's like a sentence or two.
Timothy Sackton: Although it is concentration so.
Timothy Sackton: kenza will shrink.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I you done plenty of.
Mike Sackton: them that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I cast question.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you get the wisdom saving.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the suggestion is to.
Eric Rosenbaum: surrender groveling and tell us everything about the orc presence in this complex.
Rev. David (he/him): Just everything.
Rev. David (he/him): Just.
Timothy Sackton: don't want to push it too hard, because it has to seem reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: To the target like surrendering is definitely reasonable at this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know drop your weapons in surrender yeah okay.
Rev. David (he/him): or surrender and tell us what other forces are here like seems like a reasonable part of surrendering.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: something about.
Mike Sackton: How about surrender and bargain for your life with information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: surrender and do a little dance of my choosing.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just have what.
Timothy Sackton: Why no surrender and drop your weapons surrender and.
make an.
Eric Rosenbaum: answer our questions.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that I would say that would seem reasonable to him, he felt the same badly orcs are not renowned for their wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Nice um so as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you come around the corner and the orc is beginning to flee from this.
Timothy Sackton: Enormous giant.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer begins to shrink as the words reach the orc.
Timothy Sackton: drop your weapons and surrender.
Timothy Sackton: And he turns and throws those weapons down and says, I surrender in common.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody maybe time up you guys yet.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's.
Mike Sackton: take it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here let's let's bring him inside who knows.
Mike Sackton: it's a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else is going on around here.
um.
Mike Sackton: How many are in this compound.
Timothy Sackton: One now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What were you doing here.
Timothy Sackton: Keeping watch.
Rev. David (he/him): What he worked for was here.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you said those both have the same damn.
Timothy Sackton: swear I swear you say.
Rev. David (he/him): Are there other creatures here.
Timothy Sackton: Just the ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: He looks he sort of Blanche is a little bit when he says that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about the ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: I will not speak of those horrible things.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: There, there are ghosts their spirits and not.
Timothy Sackton: Not friendly not.
They should listen.
Timothy Sackton: They won't listen to crash.
Mike Sackton: Did they only come out at night.
Timothy Sackton: You like glances at the Tower he says they they keep watch always.
Mike Sackton: Where do they keep watch.
Timothy Sackton: tower we can't go in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What prevents you from going in.
Timothy Sackton: ghosts.
Timothy Sackton: They will kill us.
Mike Sackton: Why did.
Mike Sackton: Why did crash send you here.
Timothy Sackton: See if anybody comes report back.
Mike Sackton: How many.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, when do you need to report back or when are the guards changed here.
Timothy Sackton: Here days we have supplies in that building.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow afternoon as our relief do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's.
Rev. David (he/him): See well the same number come to relieve you.
Timothy Sackton: Probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Gross I can't go in.
Rev. David (he/him): The door.
Rev. David (he/him): Which of the buildings have you been inside.
Timothy Sackton: Just the bath and the dormitories.
Timothy Sackton: We feed the mentors but and then he looks around we fed the mentors and you can tell the magic is still acting on him and he is you know being cooperative because of the spouse.
Timothy Sackton: We fed the mentors but.
Timothy Sackton: They kept they didn't like company.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else is.
Timothy Sackton: Also, keep watch.
Mike Sackton: Have you seen any knowles.
Timothy Sackton: Not recently, not in the last few days.
Timothy Sackton: There were some that tried to.
Timothy Sackton: poke their noses in garages business, they were dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else is here, other than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything magic here, is there any knowledge here any items here it's regarding are protecting.
Timothy Sackton: He looks to seek are kind of in desperation I.
Timothy Sackton: These are not questions, I can answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: them an encouraging look you're doing great.
Mike Sackton: How many surf crush.
Timothy Sackton: He he kind of.
Timothy Sackton: looks a little bit concerned that that.
Timothy Sackton: crush.
Timothy Sackton: crush has.
Timothy Sackton: There will be many crush will be powerful.
Mike Sackton: How goes the what's the other guy what's the other name.
Mike Sackton: who's gosh who's gosh how goes the war against these cash.
Timothy Sackton: crashes winning.
Mike Sackton: How many whose gosh have you fought.
Timothy Sackton: Many dozens killed myself.
Mike Sackton: Where are they use cash.
Timothy Sackton: We fight them wherever we see them.
Mike Sackton: Where do you see them most recently.
Timothy Sackton: South.
Mike Sackton: get any survive your your excursions.
Timothy Sackton: Of course not.
Timothy Sackton: We are we are strong.
Rev. David (he/him): What are you, building on the plane to the north of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Rev. David (he/him): who's in the city.
Rev. David (he/him): Have you seen graph.
Timothy Sackton: Of course we all worship him.
Mike Sackton: let's see it in it.
Rev. David (he/him): What does he look like to see an orc.
Timothy Sackton: He is much stronger than an Arc he is.
Timothy Sackton: He is tall giant.
Timothy Sackton: dark.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: cloaked in shadowed and stronger than you can imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bigger than our friend was here when he was big a minute ago.
Timothy Sackton: He would crush your friend.
Mike Sackton: Where did you live before crush.
Timothy Sackton: East of here, many of us lived there.
Mike Sackton: Why did you come West.
Timothy Sackton: We did not like it was gosh.
Timothy Sackton: They made poor choices.
Mike Sackton: what's the traditional works god's name again stark.
Mike Sackton: Have you abandoned dark.
Timothy Sackton: dark is pathetic.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody worships dark here.
Timothy Sackton: he's been gone many years.
Mike Sackton: Who does it was gosh worship.
themselves.
Rev. David (he/him): How long has been gone.
Timothy Sackton: Since since before I was a young pup.
Mike Sackton: Maybe the mystery I killed dark.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you mean gun metaphorically, or like literally like gun gun like he no longer speaks.
Timothy Sackton: We spit is poison out of our bodies.
Rev. David (he/him): Go either way.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: crush.
Eric Rosenbaum: reanimate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your dead.
Timothy Sackton: We never die.
Rev. David (he/him): kind of gesture to the ones on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: they're not really dead.
Timothy Sackton: They only seem dead to those who cannot see.
Rev. David (he/him): arlen or the nose your allies or your enemies.
In.
Timothy Sackton: The back there enough.
Timothy Sackton: interlopers spies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are the nose work for.
Timothy Sackton: Top who knows who cares.
Timothy Sackton: Not crash.
Mike Sackton: Right who else works for other than the orcs.
Timothy Sackton: This I cannot say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like half of the Oracle side there's like brush and then the not crash.
Eric Rosenbaum: cymbal world.
Mike Sackton: We wanted to go to Carson unseen what would be the best way of doing that.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That I would answer your questions, for your life but not give you information to assault, my home.
Rev. David (he/him): Was.
Timothy Sackton: Not a question risk.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Rev. David (he/him): want to throw a surprise party for garage.
Timothy Sackton: garage cannot be surprised, you fall.
Timothy Sackton: sees everyone.
Timothy Sackton: he sees all.
Mike Sackton: Does he see your failure now.
Timothy Sackton: cannot see this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I.
Timothy Sackton: don't think he wanted us to tell you that to say that he didn't say tell you, he said.
Timothy Sackton: We must watch for him here, he needs eyes in some places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where else does he need eyes.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Rev. David (he/him): Keep interrogating.
Timothy Sackton: Good my.
Rev. David (he/him): Building were supposed to be happening so.
Timothy Sackton: I have answered your questions.
Timothy Sackton: I have surrendered I have turned down my weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: You did a good job.
Timothy Sackton: kind of.
Timothy Sackton: length is is slightly.
Timothy Sackton: looks around.
Timothy Sackton: And as expression on his face changes completely and he starts to struggle against this bonds her what did you do to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's gag them.
Mike Sackton: overpowered gosh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: troublemaker.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scared him and put him in the room.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm like with a sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like whether.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, why are you gonna kill them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the show's no mercy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Half ones are truly the most bloodthirsty creatures that are in that.
Rev. David (he/him): place a high premium on respect and mutuality.
Rev. David (he/him): When I meet a creature, who would do everything it could be killed me.
Rev. David (he/him): it's showing me how it wants to be treated.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the goal it's just the golden rule you're saying.
Mike Sackton: And is there any like decently well secure building with actually with four doors that we could or with one door that we could.
Timothy Sackton: So the bathhouse where they came out of has three solid doors.
Timothy Sackton: Right and seems to be anyway, where the orcs had made some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: Until we believe him that that was the full complement.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think.
Timothy Sackton: Under the influence the other spouse already answered that question so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh alright, so we can now look so we can knock knock them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm out.
Mike Sackton: I think we time up knock them out from back in the bath house and.
Mike Sackton: And bar the doors from the outside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then search everything except for the tower, which has the guests.
Mike Sackton: Well, I we're here to.
Mike Sackton: search ghosts right, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah we're gonna go to them i'm just saying before we go to the ghost.
Mike Sackton: yeah check.
Rev. David (he/him): I like though it's plan to abandon him and slowly, let him die over time.
Mike Sackton: That will leave him with his supplies.
Rev. David (he/him): to prolong and even further.
Brutal.
Mike Sackton: garrison's come here that tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: Now, whether we want him to find out that.
Mike Sackton: garages enemies are prowling around, we have to think about the implications.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
Mike Sackton: he's gonna tell everybody that.
Mike Sackton: Yes, group of people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who.
Mike Sackton: does not respect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's why that's why we have to kill him.
Mike Sackton: Well, we don't have to decide that right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know everything else let's search everything else, except for the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and see if we can find anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's inside the temple a hexagon.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah This is where what TIM said about given some options we just do literally everything yes.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you tie off you throw them in the bathhouse.
Mike Sackton: Just can I throw just from a timing perspective to i'm really hoping to stop around midnight or.
Mike Sackton: yeah later than that.
Rev. David (he/him): Actually, I think I think would be good for me to to stop before like we gone to the next thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like I.
Mike Sackton: mean I was suggesting we searched the rest of the place, at least, briefly, but not go into the Tower tonight.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: Big surprises.
Timothy Sackton: Other day yeah i'm On top of that, if there's something that is going to be.
Timothy Sackton: If there's something that will take us past midnight all stop on a cliffhanger perfect cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: He knows what he's doing yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, so you throw them into the bath house and it is clearly a place where.
Timothy Sackton: You know the orcs have have made a bit of of.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly a camp there's just like some supplies it doesn't seem like anybody stays here that long but there's like couple barrels of water that are probably refilled and.
Timothy Sackton: You know supplies and some food and stuff and i'm like dirty bed rolls and things it's um it's everything's completely dry it's all decorated and like nice tiling, most of which seemed to.
Timothy Sackton: end the day prying tiles off and just like throwing them in piles and just kind of breaking anything that looks Nice.
Timothy Sackton: But the doors are all still the three doors are solid there's actually relatively deep pools that are empty, so you can throw them down into a pool and toss it.
Timothy Sackton: into a pit basically and toss the bottle of water and some food down there and he'll be pretty well contained between that and barring the doors until you either the garrison shows up or you decide to do something with them.
Timothy Sackton: Not much else to see in the bath house.
Timothy Sackton: So where else do you want to look.
Mike Sackton: I think the.
Mike Sackton: The I would suggest the.
Mike Sackton: This temple first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: we're going into then whatever this whatever there's some something like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what these this place back here.
Timothy Sackton: These are two sort of small stone buildings set along the terrace gardens with doors that.
don't know what they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: kids.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're bigger than chad's right.
Mike Sackton: let's go in the temple first let's go into well the the this building first yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you've returned to the.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see here, so you return it back into the dining Hall, where you fought the man cars and.
Timothy Sackton: Come to these doors the 15 foot wide.
Timothy Sackton: stone doors have with the painting of beach on them, they do not seem to.
Timothy Sackton: Open there is not any like you sort of push on them and they don't open it's not like an obvious handle you can grab and pull.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it says, you have to kneel and pray don't doesn't it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it says, let those who would enter my presence and accept my grace kneel before me and offer their prayers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody know prayer fishman.
Mike Sackton: feels like a human activity.
Rev. David (he/him): I was gonna say exactly the same thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah kenza would certainly know some prayers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that some visual first freestyle beach.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, he yet you have to literally Neil to probably yeah I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't really Neil.
Timothy Sackton: Alright guys so as.
Timothy Sackton: far as cancer neil's and.
Timothy Sackton: begins to say a prayer to be shy you see that the.
Timothy Sackton: Like faint light begins to glow around the cracks of the door, and then they begin to swing swing open and you can see beyond.
Timothy Sackton: And it's a this sort of 15 foot wide by 30 foot long room, which has one door, so you looking in this way and just to the left there's one door and in this room is.
Timothy Sackton: It looks sort of like an empty Chamber, like there's two wardrobes that are filled with molding robes.
Timothy Sackton: A Rack for like a shoe rack basically where people could take off shoes or boots does a few empty wooden chests.
Timothy Sackton: another chance that contains six sealed vials of some sort of clear liquid that looks like water and for more that are cracked an empty.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A marble sandstone font that is empty.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Smaller planar door to the left heading into another room.
Mike Sackton: And the crew bios portions of healing.
Timothy Sackton: They are not portions of healing.
Rev. David (he/him): holy water.
Timothy Sackton: They look like they would be there holy water.
Mike Sackton: This holy water scare off ghosts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Possibly we should take it.
Mike Sackton: Is it rude to take it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's not really all that all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we take it with liberating it like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's true it's true we take things we liberate them.
Eric Rosenbaum: What to do multiple stone senses now right if I don't want to do anything else.
Mike Sackton: All face site for this exploration, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: I got.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I will do a stone sense, while we're here.
Timothy Sackton: what's the range of stone sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: 300 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is stone sense do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically I can sense stones.
Timothy Sackton: You can sense the geology and you can sense any precious metal or gems or something like that um.
As rocks.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's see so I mean there is a fair bit of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kidney stones.
Timothy Sackton: This is, let me check here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can study them.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, mostly you get the sense of just kind of sandstone all around you.
Timothy Sackton: And you can feel you know the the care that's been put into some of the shaping of the buildings and the fountain and things like that um.
Timothy Sackton: You you do also sense.
Timothy Sackton: in the direction of the temple i'm.
Timothy Sackton: marble which is not usual for the area must have been.
Timothy Sackton: pretty much due south of where you are exactly where you are now.
Timothy Sackton: A fairly substantial like statue size quantity of marble.
Timothy Sackton: You also sense.
Anything else.
Timothy Sackton: there's not actually a lot outs that you detect it seems like most of what's here is kind of work in the natural stone there's not like a cache of gemstones anywhere or.
Timothy Sackton: Unless i'm pretty sure I found everything in my notes.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there are sort of faint pings of like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, silver in a few directions sort of towards the Tower towards the dormitories but it feels faint it's not a huge quantity.
Timothy Sackton: face and the doors that you came in do radio magic.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing else is magical here.
Mike Sackton: So I guess we're going to take the we're going to separate the holy water.
Mike Sackton: yeah from the water from the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, oh, I can use my purple goggles on the holy water.
Mike Sackton: monkish resting place.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's holy water it's not.
Mike Sackton: it's not magic.
Timothy Sackton: it's not magic.
Timothy Sackton: it's more religion than our economy okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they useful for me to do I, like you know minus about holy water.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's used for all sorts of things, it is, it is, can be useful against on dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like holy water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's let's use these ghosts.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's taking it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can use take some plastic bottle.
Mike Sackton: there's four.
Timothy Sackton: there's six.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you and I take to each sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is on the equipment thing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it should be holy water should be in equipment.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's it's in equipment.
Eric Rosenbaum: added.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look, I want to look closely at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: font so he said.
Mike Sackton: there's another door.
Timothy Sackton: there's another door.
Timothy Sackton: So this is, you know it looks like the the font looks like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The like something that would have had like some sort of oil or or something.
Timothy Sackton: send you a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This reminds me of an initiation ritual all these materials.
Eric Rosenbaum: One that you yourself experienced.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, Tim yeah.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were you initiated into the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into the order.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: locker.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is it, this is a temple mishima but perhaps they're similar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would guess so yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is any of this like how recent does it all seem.
Timothy Sackton: Old like the robes are molding some of the glass boss i've cracked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like 30 years old.
Timothy Sackton: or older probably older.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is that there's another room.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: We see what's in the next room.
Timothy Sackton: The next room is a smaller room playing unfurnished.
Timothy Sackton: A adore with.
Timothy Sackton: faded writing.
Timothy Sackton: And sort of painted decorations and and writing that has faded to illegibility um, but it seems like the whole Wall was once painted so you've gone, you went in this way, then you turned.
Timothy Sackton: You turn left and went through the door and now you're going back sort of like towards the back of the building i'm nothing in this room now.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Are you going to the door.
Mike Sackton: Yes, let's go through the door okay.
Timothy Sackton: You step into step through the door and everything fades the darkness, the hallway is dark everything is dark and.
Timothy Sackton: Even those of you with dark vision cannot see.
Timothy Sackton: Anything ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Until a sort of faint light begins to glow from the walls.
Timothy Sackton: illuminating a scene painted on the wall.
Timothy Sackton: sort of just to your right so down the turning right as you enter the core down the quarter it's faded in places, but still.
Timothy Sackton: Still intricately detailed and and done by a master artist and it shows a young woman i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of in a.
Timothy Sackton: You know, like.
Timothy Sackton: that's a scene obviously painted dissenter on her but giving also attention to the great mass of people that are following behind her heart on horses someone foot.
Timothy Sackton: Livestock with them.
Timothy Sackton: Pulling carts loaded with.
Timothy Sackton: Just like the materials of home, this seems like a large group of of people taking their worldly possessions with them and behind them sort of the painting kind of fades into this dark roiling shadowy mass.
Timothy Sackton: You feel as you look at it, the wind in your hair.
Timothy Sackton: The hot desert air.
Timothy Sackton: The fear of what you've left behind the cold ache of fleeing into the unknown and abandoned in your home.
Timothy Sackton: And you sense a choice.
Timothy Sackton: To continue down this hallway.
Timothy Sackton: continue on the story of the woman you now realizes fishman.
Timothy Sackton: and be pulled along to what end is unclear or to turn back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well before channeling our inner welby there's not much of a choice here.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Eric Rosenbaum: The senses of a just an especially they did sort of magically enhanced mural.
Timothy Sackton: Almost almost like a memory.
Timothy Sackton: A mural, yes, but also a memory like you can feel the wind in your hair, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Remember the feeling.
Timothy Sackton: That sort of ache of leaving your home and fleeing.
Timothy Sackton: it's not just visual stimuli.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a historical like evacuation.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, the the donmar you were originally originally live far to the south and fled North in the after the many years ago, like after the fall of drink of the drink Korean empire, but well before the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: think we need to know the story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grid.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean this feels like some sort of initiation into the mysteries of fish that were accidentally following.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me have a drift club i'll leave a drift club right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're going to end.
Timothy Sackton: um, so I think this possibly could I mean 15 minutes is a little tight, so if we really want to stop at midnight, we should stop here.
Mike Sackton: Okay let's stop, then I do want to stop it Monday.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that'll be a fun place to start next to him.
Timothy Sackton: hey guys.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I think we should stop here too I think what well these maybe uncharacteristically ambivalent here because it feels like are like are we crashing someone else's like it intersects them like that doesn't feel a.
Mike Sackton: Little ambivalent to it feels very human ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is like seekers like happy plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is, which are like these are like 10 says cousins so.
Mike Sackton: Totally.
Timothy Sackton: we're stopping here so anybody who wants to proceed, we can do a little mini thing before it only take.
Timothy Sackton: 20 well 30 minutes tops probably more like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably about 30 minutes so.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I think well he's gonna turn around I think he's gonna say like you know i've been uncomfortable ever since we came through that door, because I feel like I just kind of surfed in behind you kenzo and like I don't like i'm not a devotee of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: humility, what happens.
Mike Sackton: yeah dealt with is gonna go with wealthy.
Rev. David (he/him): I went into someone's house and like i'm using the bathroom and they're not even home like this is just just you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Watch.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: ma seeker, what are you gonna do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm going.
Timothy Sackton: For a seeker and cancer and okay this this actually makes it a perfect spot to stop the session, then, although if you do want to do this now i'm currently happy.
Timothy Sackton: But Eric and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so yeah it's like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like half an hour.
Timothy Sackton: Or, or we could find a time between now and the 20th the next time we play let's just before we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go to schedule.
Timothy Sackton: let's get that scheduled, so we had we had said the 23rd does that still work for everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sir it's a Friday.
Yes.
looks kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That should be fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome should we do the one after that too.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So we're doing a little punk the 30th right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: smells are.
slicer.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the seventh.
Mike Sackton: should be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so yeah.
Slightly more challenging for me.
Timothy Sackton: The sex of the eighth.
Rev. David (he/him): could do the sixth is better than the eighth.
Mike Sackton: yeah the fix was better for me to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Find by me.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm not 100% sure, but let's let's just put it on there it's Catherine is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Presenting at the portland fringe festival but it's not like, we have to go there, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: should be fine.
Timothy Sackton: But that's just give us a vamp you know significant a decent advance warning if we have to reschedule yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we will, I think I think it should be fine.
Timothy Sackton: awesome okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Are you back out you're in Massachusetts right now, are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am but i'm coming back i'm going back to California i'll be there when you're there you're going to be done on the on the.
14 1515.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep yep i'm there.
Rev. David (he/him): I landed something like 1130 so somebody place for lunch i'll meet you there.
Rev. David (he/him): me just double check here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can meet you probably at like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At late lunch at two o'clock.
tonight.
Rev. David (he/him): Probably do that.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah i'll figure it out um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah 132 like should be good yep cool.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah let's call it to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wearing what those dates so anyway, I don't have anything blocking may 7 right.
Mike Sackton: Maybe talking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: May six is a Thursday okay.
Mike Sackton: So Thursday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got it.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry got the 23rd Friday and the 30th Kung fu punk and then the six.
Timothy Sackton: Talk gun.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome cool.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay, good night guys.
Rev. David (he/him): night.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Let me just switch.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you continue.
Timothy Sackton: Down the hall.
Timothy Sackton: Your companions turning back you feel dragged along as if you are walking against your will.
Timothy Sackton: And the scene begins to change slightly.
Timothy Sackton: Now, rather than the dark mass behind you you're passing through hostile terrain.
Timothy Sackton: The feeling of.
Timothy Sackton: fear the people coming to you.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: for aid and comfort pride in your brother being the hero leading the charge against hob goblins cutting a path through the mountains, to the safety on the other side and coming to a wide slow river defensible release relief the feel of wet earth beneath your feet after.
Timothy Sackton: Months traveling through dry dusty land.
Timothy Sackton: The River Valley, a place that could be home.
Timothy Sackton: But tinge with sadness, as the next scene show is.
Timothy Sackton: The massive people divided some following you some turning North following the river.
Timothy Sackton: To where it may lead, who knows.
Timothy Sackton: And while you can taste the.
Timothy Sackton: The DAB nest in the air and imagine the.
Timothy Sackton: The sheep grazing and the horses spreading across these valleys.
Timothy Sackton: The split is.
Timothy Sackton: Painful still.
Timothy Sackton: You pass through another brief moment of darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are we geographically.
Eric Rosenbaum: In that last scene.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you are.
Timothy Sackton: So if you go here.
Timothy Sackton: enroll 20 you are like right.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's the original know.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's where the Denmark is settled before the plague.
Timothy Sackton: Well we're getting to that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Turning now after the brief period of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: The next scene and for a moment you sort of come back to yourselves and.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is still black and you cannot see each other, but you can hear the sounds of your breathing again and the sort of wind of the of the desert air the rustling of grass.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of the water of the River lapping on the shores of its bank fades.
Timothy Sackton: Until you are drawn forward again unable to turn back.
Timothy Sackton: And you're riding West on horseback spreading out i'm.
Timothy Sackton: finding that the river itself is only a very narrow strip of fertile ground and all around the land is ash.
Timothy Sackton: i'm riding further coming to an empty river Valley, the despair as the initial feeling of hope i'm turns to panic, the people questioning you the taste of dust in your mouth.
Timothy Sackton: choking wins and ash blowing from the south.
Timothy Sackton: The sun disappearing for weeks at a time, the cold the dark.
Timothy Sackton: The hunger pangs in your belly the park dryness in your throat.
Timothy Sackton: The children crying the fourth day after which the sun has not risen.
Timothy Sackton: The ash storms that.
Timothy Sackton: That rise and blow across the land, bringing famine and disease.
Timothy Sackton: people dying.
Timothy Sackton: And you sense here you have another opportunity to turn back, which I presume either, if you take.
Timothy Sackton: And then standing at a place you feel in your heart is near where you are now.
Timothy Sackton: Then, as now, a dry river, with no no water.
Timothy Sackton: clouds of dust.
Timothy Sackton: Without even the.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps harsh, at times, but still sometimes beautiful.
Timothy Sackton: colors of the desert sandstone.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just barren grey ash everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: um the doubt in your heart as people turn to you, and you have no answers for them.
Timothy Sackton: And then, a miracle, the greatest miracle of your life.
Timothy Sackton: Your volleys tears the rain comes.
Timothy Sackton: You are showered and praise and yet all you can feel the shame and anger, as the rains common the ashes washed away and the land is cleansed and healed and yet the goddess is dead gone nevermore to grace to land.
Timothy Sackton: As you rage and cry the people rejoice and celebrate you and say you have saved them.
Timothy Sackton: And the land is healed and whole and life goes on, except for the life of the goddess you should be eternal and bring her blessings forever.
And the scene fans again to darkness.
Timothy Sackton: And the lingering.
Timothy Sackton: shame of that moment stays with you as you step forward again again drawn against your will.
Timothy Sackton: To a decision.
Timothy Sackton: Beginning construction of a monument turning.
Timothy Sackton: to pray.
Timothy Sackton: Asking.
Timothy Sackton: For anything.
Timothy Sackton: Any way to trade your life for hers not carrying that her brother our gear has commanded your brother to slay in his name not caring that the people are rejoicing as blood is shed and slaughter after slaughter after slaughter.
Timothy Sackton: happens in August named take this land that your goddess has given her life for so that only the done Mari will benefit from her sacrifice and no one else.
Timothy Sackton: Turning to pray.
Timothy Sackton: turning away food turning away water, the ache.
Timothy Sackton: The park your parks throat the hunger, the pain, the agony, as your life begins to fade away.
Timothy Sackton: As you.
Timothy Sackton: encapsulate all of your belief in.
Timothy Sackton: every moment of your life in the strength of this goddess.
Timothy Sackton: and ask whatever powers are out there to.
give it to her to bring her back.
Timothy Sackton: And you sense, you have one last moment to open your eyes and step back.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: A question posed to you.
Timothy Sackton: Will you give your life for G volley.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is the initiation into the mystery of fishman.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a story told from perspective of visual herself right.
that's the sense, you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: A way in which it reflects the story of fishman SEC self sacrifice.
Timothy Sackton: Are you know as you're standing in a dark corner corridor being asked if you will sacrifice your life for default.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of what will happen if if we say yes or no.
Timothy Sackton: message me your answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's confusing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean ride told me to seek the stories of the awakened soul tell me to join the order of the awakened soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it like weird is it like unusual for missed it like be be in multiple you know.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: it's unusual, but not unheard of, and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So so laca.
Timothy Sackton: there's my venture Kuhn are sort of like a family tried, in a sense, and so connections between those three are like no but you would never be in like a lock on miss dianna.
Timothy Sackton: g volume miss die or something, but some of the gods are more closely connected it's not it's a typical but it wouldn't be.
Timothy Sackton: Like locker wouldn't be upset about it, like your order wouldn't be mad.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like getting multiple PhDs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that people don't do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But they're saying, would you give your life for Jamali.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, so, but this is part of the fishman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: initiation.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's my inference because it seems like that entire story was the life story fishman that was by the end that was the impression I got it wasn't totally obvious to me at first, but I think that must be what it is yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean like 10s I was like totally trusting intuition here I mean this is phil phil right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what i'm saying is like does this feel like like you know, like is there, you know if if there's if if this is indeed like a like an initiation into MMA.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know aka the order of the awakened soul, I mean you know I kind of was feeling this one out like if it's like feels right i'll do it for sure if it feels like there's something creepy and weird about this, then he's not going to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't feel creepy weird don't think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well i'm asking him.
Timothy Sackton: I messaged you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay well i'm gonna counter asking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you joining order, this one speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't have allegiances to god's.
Eric Rosenbaum: All I want to know is how it all works, but that's a lot to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems like this could help.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess the key question is what it means exactly to keep your life in this sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't want to be shackled or burdened.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the mistakes fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do to fulfill their obligation, for example, will I have to return here once a year, or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at the entrance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was the whole there's a whole manual.
Timothy Sackton: But they had yeah nobody's giving you any instructions here you're just being asked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like I don't want to create a false allegiance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: terms of walks forward.
Timothy Sackton: you're doing it, you said secret Kansas stepping forward.
Timothy Sackton: which you can choose to fail if you want to me yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I death saving through.
Timothy Sackton: Just rolla D 20 you can choose to open your eyes at any time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm actually.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What are what are you doing you sent your moment of decision is slipping away.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to go forward.
Timothy Sackton: Okay same question to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know stress.
Timothy Sackton: So you basically make a death savings are you are slipping to unconsciousness.
Timothy Sackton: Like you, literally are fallen conscious and are beginning to die, but you sense, you have one last chance to.
Timothy Sackton: force your eyes open.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forced my eyes open.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: The lights come on.
Timothy Sackton: And you are standing in a plane hallway.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo is apparently lifeless body in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: Know murals no paintings.
Timothy Sackton: That nearly at the end of a quarter an archway to it to a door to like an open.
Timothy Sackton: room in front of you.
Is he dead.
Timothy Sackton: He seems to be dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Timothy Sackton: sending you a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: funny it's like that, like it's like Okay, well, I guess i'm not coming to any more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is exciting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What surprised, you went that far with it Eric slash secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret immediately regrets not getting to do whatever Kansas mind is doing right now, because i'm like he's not really dead he's like traveling somewhere and I don't get to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm I start like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like slapping your cheek a little bit he's.
Timothy Sackton: he's as far as you can tell that like.
Eric Rosenbaum: is hard to stop.
Timothy Sackton: No breathing is hard to stopped he's not breathing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast healing word oh i'm out of I cast first level healing word.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't do anything.
Timothy Sackton: he's your healing energy is useless.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo What did you do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I better run back and get the other guys I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there an initiation ritual that I know of where that would make you make it seem like you died.
Timothy Sackton: make our religion check.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you're not.
Timothy Sackton: you're not really an expert in secret societies.
Timothy Sackton: As your sort of standing here pondering this you hear a deep GASP from Kansas body.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happens to him.
Timothy Sackton: You are at one point.
Timothy Sackton: Use you stand up and around you, you see i'm the same room that secrecies as bear Gray.
Timothy Sackton: Bear stone you see painted in bright colors i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A like a.
Timothy Sackton: brightly colored arch way painted and flowers leading into this pen diagonal structure so you're now right going back to the monastery reshma you're like right right here.
Timothy Sackton: And you're looking into a entry way to what looks like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a close there's like a sort of walkway a covered walkway around this central structure which is open to the sky and well to you secret looks like Gray.
Timothy Sackton: dark and grey and just kind of everything's flat and unpainted to you kenzo it's decorated with these brilliant paintings again of the life of beach ma there's a fountain flowing in the middle, with clear, water and like everywhere, you turn, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's my notes, you see kenzo just like kind of like stuns and like like becoming like very emotional and just looking like and what you see as like draft scenery and just saying so beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what happened can so we we locked away for 100 years in a shadow realm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I died.
Eric Rosenbaum: You were literally dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't beach ma ma ma lockup brought me back.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you meet them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their their presence was here, yes.
wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's so beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did they tell you what your what you signed up for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas, just like days let's walk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: You sure you're okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ever felt better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than almost being dead stack hands, I was like you're I mean you're you're a dwarf so you're much smaller that tells us like kind of leaning on you a little bit so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you have any more healing word.
Man I.
Eric Rosenbaum: wish I could have seen it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I do I do i'll get that to you in a second here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's like a five more yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You I mean, although you are seeing the world in a new way you feel weak like yeah like things are rough.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you were as far as you can tell literally dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Yes, this is by the way, at least the second time that's happened remember I died that other time.
Timothy Sackton: And you can actually die, then you were just unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but then remember like I did a whole like I came back like I woke up and I meditated and I was like you know it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kinds of is like totally like you know, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is kind of my thing it's like kind of kind of becoming my thing is to like die and come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is like so jealous right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so yeah what, what do you see right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't see it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean this.
Is the paintings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you do, you have to like stay here and live here, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean you're you've given your life to traditional right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I already had.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because you were initiated once before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not like this.
huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, for me, this has always been the path.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM What else does it look like What else do I see.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're walking along you also now start to see.
Timothy Sackton: So there's you know.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of paintings are.
Timothy Sackton: Turning from as you sort of walk around this pantanal structure it's not just beach my you start to see.
Timothy Sackton: What seemed to you to be.
Timothy Sackton: stories and myths.
Timothy Sackton: Of that five divine siblings.
Timothy Sackton: So you you recognize, most obviously the sort of stories of laca the sort of wise the the the you know i'm knowing one the student of metaphysics and and history and um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, but all the gods are represented, and you see.
Timothy Sackton: These are all I mean they're all common myths right, so you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can make i'm just i'm just describing them to.
write.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secrets.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't make up details of all the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mythos.
Timothy Sackton: by us but, but you know you you just see these stories repeated.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and then and then.
Timothy Sackton: You know the fountain in the middle sort of sparkles and glows.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: there's flowers growing around in this sort of open courtyard there's flowers growing around the fountain there are.
Timothy Sackton: A few.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: birds of what I see this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me it's like it's like it's like like you know seeker is seeing something totally different.
Timothy Sackton: See guys just seeing plain walls and open dirt expanse no nothing painted know fountain of water, no birds.
Timothy Sackton: accountable hours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, and is it like is it like like you know it's like, if you like, take psychedelics they can kind of be like all right i'm going to like have this like like like there's nothing I can do to make this imagery go away like it is just if this is my reality and it just looks that way.
um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that I mean that's the stories that are painted on the walls, it seems that way, the stuff that's in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a you sort of I mean you can walk up to them, and you can.
Timothy Sackton: Like can I reach out, and you can drink the water and it feels.
Timothy Sackton: wet wet but it doesn't quench your thirst right it doesn't feel like it could sustain your life i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we're in the desert and it's hot like I take the water and I like splash my.
Timothy Sackton: Face yeah it cools you down.
Timothy Sackton: It feels it gives you that feeling.
Timothy Sackton: But you somehow know in the back of your head that it's not quite real so if you're sitting here drinking this water for three days he's still dying of thirst, I see okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: But I can mimic the sensation of cooling you down things like that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's you've never you've not personally experienced.
Timothy Sackton: Strong illusion magic like high level illusion spells.
Timothy Sackton: Right, this is what you imagine from like case oh and you're an you know growing up and chart, and this is kind of what you imagine like a like a.
Timothy Sackton: high level of lesion would.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite real there's not the the walls, the walls are different those really seem.
Timothy Sackton: Like you, can you know touch on it's clearly painted there, but the fountain in the middle it's like you can sort of tell yourself it's not real but then you forget you forget the instant you you drink the wine and you're like oh that wasn't quite real and then.
Timothy Sackton: yeah what and it cools you down and it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh i'm like that, like i'm definitely like kind of reaching into the talents into my cooling cooling myself off after the battle and feeling so weak and like you know say like secret you see kinds of just like is there there's a fountain there at all right so.
Timothy Sackton: Now I saw you it looks like he's just doing this and thin air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The water.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I don't see any.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's all beautiful illusion console.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it's real on some deeper level.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Closing i'm the one seeing the illusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else in this other than the fountains.
Timothy Sackton: Oh there's a few birds that are kind of fluttering around.
Timothy Sackton: Flowers growing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is just just kind of savoring all this and remembering it just like kind of taking in like what this all looks like what it all feels like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember, like the smells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The sounds of the birds to be here it's the same sounds of the birds again maybe can remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: So did you.
Eric Rosenbaum: ritually SEC your sacrifice your own live justice Bishop and sacrifice yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: to resurrect Jubilee that which has happened.
Timothy Sackton: that's what you understand happened yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I hope you're saving all the notes in the chat there's like a lot of good stuff in here yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do wonder about the nature of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: A trip time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said the dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of flowers like these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: never actually seen these flowers before until now, even though I remember them so that a different light rains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if somehow always known these flowers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see kenzo like like holding a flower like holding in his hand just looking at a flower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just how I remembered it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any clues as to the the state of the grand scheme of the mist I have fishman around here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, I think I just died, right now, so just forgive me if i'm a little out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the Balkans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good washing.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's been a big day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's actually a really sensational question now kind of gathering right with adobe like is there, like are any of the paintings like is there anything like suggestive of like a story, or like something of an unfolding not like prophecy like anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because you know it's like I can I can recognize like stories of stuff that's happened before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah icicle or you know what I mean like that stuff I can be like Oh, I think this painting is like representing the story at ever like is there any like, are there any like weird unusual paintings or of things that like I don't recognize at all.
Timothy Sackton: um.
You can also so.
Timothy Sackton: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can also think about it and answer next time.
Timothy Sackton: Now I know the answer this um so ah.
Timothy Sackton: You feel as you as you are kind of walking around you also get the sense that this.
Timothy Sackton: place is very old and an unchanged for not just hundreds, but maybe 1000 years like.
Timothy Sackton: In your vision, I mean in the quarter and you both saw that you had the feeling that you were standing on the very spot where.
Timothy Sackton: He prayed and sacrifice yourself and perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: This pen tagging structure was, in fact.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The actual spot.
Timothy Sackton: The actual temple that she built.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is it attached to the dining hall.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that part is newer obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's also a giant temple just across the courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: That is the so all of these like the like the mist I like the.
Timothy Sackton: Mr chicken right and you would know this cancer from the lock and monastery like all of these places have a public temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the actual inner sacred area.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so so there's always a public temple that anybody is welcome to go to and is usually devoted to the.
Timothy Sackton: um to in this case be smart or sure couldn't like you've been into the sort of like Chapel of chicken at.
Timothy Sackton: The the shampoo and monastery in Kerala and, similarly, the monastery locker has like a big temple for locker, which is also part library, but public that anybody can go to it, then the rest of the monastery is closed off only to acolytes and it's only two initiates.
Eric Rosenbaum: The lady into this, you can have three PhDs COM that'd be amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then i've already got to.
Timothy Sackton: know for sure why not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Talking about collecting.
Timothy Sackton: The triad.
Timothy Sackton: I mean to Kuhn is beast man lock of daughter so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well executed is back in Carolina right.
Timothy Sackton: prosecution is missing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A brightly right right oh yeah So can I ask Michelle where she could is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Around that right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm low.
Timothy Sackton: Make make a religion check with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I see happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you see kenza like basically go go what what is the is the fountain like kind of the holiest place here.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah you start to get that I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Looking more at the fountain you see that this this kind of represents it's like a symbolic representation, but with a few follies tears that sort of the connected circle of G volleys tears that cleanse the land and then beach mama's.
Timothy Sackton: tears and sacrifice that completed the circle and brought G volley back, so it is it's probably the most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I get down and and given all of my knowledge of both lock chicken and fish mom asked me to check in.
Timothy Sackton: A row row twice for advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah miss.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't need very high it's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay yeah I think.
Timothy Sackton: you're.
Timothy Sackton: close to the gods having just emerged from there round.
Timothy Sackton: So what is it what exactly are you is your prayer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is my prayer I think Mike because we don't know where she is right, so I think my prayer is is a question well So what do you guys should ask her I should ask other where's Chicago or what happens shipping.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or how can we help.
Eric Rosenbaum: your daughter show Kuhn.
Eric Rosenbaum: To protect the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to ask a joint question i'm going to ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You what at what happens to Kuhn and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what happened to chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we help her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is my prayer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So secret you see kenzo kneel down in the in the sand and start to pray.
Timothy Sackton: And for a moment, nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: And then you hear this to seeker the wind begins to pick up.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just.
Timothy Sackton: In this one little area just in the Center of this pantanal temple.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to blow and begins to pick up sand like a like a little mini kind of.
Timothy Sackton: dust devil sort of tornado like just small but kind of blowing around collecting collecting sand.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: This continues for maybe five or 10 minutes as.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo remains kneeling in prayer and the pitch of the wind almost seems to be singing a song as it.
Timothy Sackton: As it moves through this and kenza what what you are seeing is not is not wind picking up sand but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of emerging from the like.
Timothy Sackton: Like sparkles of like showers of water droplets kind of spraying up from the from the fountain and then turning into butterflies that are beginning to fly around sort of Crystal and butterflies and circles around the.
Timothy Sackton: Around the courtyard and they.
Timothy Sackton: they begin to after after a few moments, they sort of begin to do this dance and then drop their wings fall off and they begin to fall to the ground and secret you see the sand began to fall and patterns on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And it begins to spell out in Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: She is here with me.
Timothy Sackton: As always.
Timothy Sackton: But cannot reach Carola.
Timothy Sackton: Something has been taken that should be there.
Timothy Sackton: Something that helps her reach the world.
Timothy Sackton: find it and bring it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I see the writing.
yeah yeah you can see the right.
Eric Rosenbaum: holy shit can tell, can you see that.
Timothy Sackton: too, you can so it looks like.
Timothy Sackton: crystals that are sort of almost like multicolored ice crystals that formed out of the out of the wings of these butterflies forming these words on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What connects with this world.
Timothy Sackton: You sense that.
Timothy Sackton: The connection is fading, and this was took a lot of energy already.
But.
Timothy Sackton: Use you get this sort of last lingering.
Timothy Sackton: image in your mind of.
Timothy Sackton: Of a beating heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rate.
Timothy Sackton: But not not like a human heart it's almost like.
Timothy Sackton: Like a stone heart beating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to find the heart of sugar.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow well that's good to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm glad you asked.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am I kneel briefly and.
Eric Rosenbaum: bow my head to St fishman.
Timothy Sackton: As the.
Timothy Sackton: message is spelled out and then begins to fade the um the crystals can then start to melt and the fountain, although it doesn't disappear begins to fade slightly and the vibrancy of the colors begins to dim.
Timothy Sackton: And you have the sense that reaching into the world even to just send a message directly like this.
Timothy Sackton: requires considerable.
Timothy Sackton: Energy, on the part of the gods, and this is actually something you know from your login studies.
Timothy Sackton: and maintaining the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of power of the miracle that drives this Houston is will be challenging for some time now for BC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm a disciple of reshma now.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah regulations console.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow that was not at that I was not expecting that to happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret you were this close to joining.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I feel like it all It all went as it should have, I think it makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets curiosity would drive him right to that kind of customer.
But then.
Timothy Sackton: I was like wait you're like oh i'm actually gonna die turns back.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not actually cool yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, step through an interdimensional portal, but not die yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think it's also not dying but it's also like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like like it would be sort of like if the roles were reversed, and I could like but become like I borbon Jim.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't make sense right.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody a little weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're just be a little like you know I might be really curious, but then once it got down to it, like with my life, I give my life to become an adorable like Jim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Joe I wanted to do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you want to become a disciple of Bishop.
Eric Rosenbaum: I seriously considered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM would would would would he become a disciple fishman.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it would have worked wow.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just felt a little little too far beyond.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, I think I mean it's just it feels right what happens.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it was perfect I was not sure any of you would do it, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah no, but I can see that kenzo would do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, this was well, especially like you know, like not knowing like learning that the order of beach is the order of awakened soul called thing right, you know there's just like a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: If anyone was gonna do it would have been kenzo for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure yeah yeah and I was totally fallen my like if it had felt weird if it felt like creepy like a trap I wouldn't have that it was if it was just like if this really is reshma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this is, you know, this is my shit This is like my you know I study at the you know it's it's it's in the flow of the character yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was amazing TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is yeah sessions wow wow and like it's him it's like they've been know any of this should happen or is that Mike.
Timothy Sackton: Mike is worse yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well you'll have to.
Timothy Sackton: Tell them next time Kansas Kansas stories, part two.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kinds of emerges as like well actually you should tell them they hit that they heard it like inside the you know cuz they would have.
done.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like a little other, they would hear the wind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, so we should tell them that and then like you know i'll stagger out like leaning on on on seeker like nearly dead left man, this is the second time i've died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Well, this is the first time i've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gotten.
Timothy Sackton: So many.
Timothy Sackton: you've had you had a near death experience, I would say right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this time I actually died.
Timothy Sackton: You actually crossed over into the land of the dad and were brought back yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow wait so when I when I when 10s oka like had what his login initiation he didn't wasn't the same thing that he also like died and come back.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so this is some like serious.
Timothy Sackton: Like some others yeah Now this is unique every initiation is completely different, although they the similarities, and I mean technically you, you know normally initiates would be would be.
Timothy Sackton: You would spend you know, a year studying and know what to expect.
Eric Rosenbaum: right we kind of stumbled into this, but X.
Timothy Sackton: Right and you would like you know pray and prepare yourself and you go into it and you probably wouldn't suffer quite so much right.
Timothy Sackton: But know that I never actually made up exactly what the lock, but the luck, I mean the locking missed I are much more about sort of knowledge and study.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is like it's like the generals exam it's like very like.
Timothy Sackton: He well yeah it would.
Timothy Sackton: It would be more like um.
Timothy Sackton: You know sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's not just not just knowledge it's also like sort of history, the passage of the year keeper of traditions, like.
Timothy Sackton: You know i'd probably be more of it wouldn't be an exam that's to like sort of flat and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah on.
Timothy Sackton: Fine, but it would be like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have to pass some tests like that you know that requires you to like solve like a complicated thing like you're in a room it's like it would be like an advanced escape room or some shit like that, and you have to like you know, a bunch of stuff to actually get out.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're like in last crusade that sequence of holy tests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly yeah.
Like a halt like a series.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think more be so I think you would more it wouldn't it's not the test would be would be more.
Timothy Sackton: guiding you towards like the hidden knowledge right so so you'd probably have some you probably would have had some experience of other planes at that point, actually, probably the first time you ever experienced the plane of.
Timothy Sackton: consciousness would have not been in your ride dream, it would have been in your locking initiation.
Timothy Sackton: Because, like all of the secret knowledge you got from the lock and Miss die is all about metaphysics and the sort of extra planner world, and so I think it would probably be something like that, but you'd have to you know.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there would probably be some tests like.
Timothy Sackton: you'd have to understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: souls well in order to.
Timothy Sackton: find your way back or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know you should, though, like, I think, like our party we should go through some trial by fire that like forges like like yeah so we can like get like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, some built in telepathy and we can all just like like you know we kind of have to blow up with you now, but then actually have telepathy.
Timothy Sackton: In our care yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, like just but after after like a try, you know certain ritual trial by fire tippett thing like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'd be very cool.
Timothy Sackton: that's like i've been thinking about it somewhere, you know between level, although actually there's other.
Timothy Sackton: there's other things well I shouldn't tell you too much yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't say anything but.
Timothy Sackton: i've been thinking about about the that sort of boon for something that may conceivably happen like somewhere around level six or seven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I think like like you know if you project this out farther right like seeker, you know said, do you know, like the basic basic allegory in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cosmology Eric so it's like my understanding is there's like a material world then there's like there's like the plan of souls and consciousness appear and then there's a planet magic down here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you know in in seekers diagrams it's actually reversed.
to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there aren't really directions, but yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but my point is just that you know when we are like ultra ultra powerful like an eye on like you know, like a kenzo is like master of the plan of souls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're going to be master of the plan of magic and so we'll need like weird like inter like dimensional like spacetime portals like communicate with each other so that we actually like know how to you know so we'll have to form some kind of neural net like at some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some technology that we used in the Inter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inter dimensional iPhone.
Timothy Sackton: In the Alexandria and talk are too.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah that's good.
Timothy Sackton: that's good I mean while be will be wellbeing right grounded on the material.
Timothy Sackton: be the one who's standing in the middle of everything at the telepathic nexus through which everything flows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All that also extends to actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in that position still with as the great villain that we team up.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait no doubt with the mirror round that favor and all the ECHO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still think da da with is like a super soldier but.
Timothy Sackton: It is very plausible except.
Timothy Sackton: matic game Mike gave me this totally mysterious backstory that had that was like I was trapped in this dark dimension for 100 years do what with it, you will.
Timothy Sackton: I can't end up evil.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean there's evil and then there's evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean arguably we're pretty evil like as a as a as a crew.
Timothy Sackton: One day i'm gonna i'm gonna wanna treasure you're gonna run into is gonna be exactly the giants eyes.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna be some magic item that when you.
Timothy Sackton: pry it leaves from its container at Dr some noble being mad.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna have.
Eric Rosenbaum: unintended consequence yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'd be really good TIM because right now I feel like it's just you know, I was just two of us family amanda course like yeah let's just like take all the stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Well, killing a family of magic or, as I can kind of sympathize with.
Timothy Sackton: it's either them or the horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to grapple with some unintended consequences some like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do.
Eric Rosenbaum: We totally did way back from our choices.
Timothy Sackton: And then, and then looking down on the people who also the everywhere, they go it's a little hypocritical.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just a touch.
Timothy Sackton: just a touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow that's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah Thank you so much, so it's good.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that was fun.
Timothy Sackton: That was great okay good everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks i'll see you tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah sounds good.
Okay.